
            Management Discussion: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to ALS Limited Full Year 2025 Results Investor Presentation. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Malcolm Deane, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of ALS. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you very much and good morning and thank you, everyone for taking the time to join today's presentation. It's really good to be back with all of you to share what we believe has been strong fiscal year 2025 financial performance for ALS. As usual, I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Stuart Hutton. Earlier today, we released our fiscal year 2025 results and an equity raising to fund an extensive  half (00:01:12) laboratory network expansion and our future inorganic growth, which we will cover up after the fiscal year 2025 results. So we will aim to hear the highlights and not necessarily talk to every single site. This presentation will run for approximately 40, 45 minutes and we will follow with a Q&A session. So I start by running through the highlights of our full year results and we are pleased to have deliver results in line with our strategic plan. All-in-all, we have made strong progress in achieving growth as well as continuing to build resilience into the portfolio. During 2025, we produce strong revenue growth of 16% to AUD 3 billion, while the underlying EBIT increased by 4.7% reflecting the strength of the diversified and resilient operating model. The EBIT margin excluding recent acquisition was robust at 19.1%. In Commodities, the Minerals result demonstrated the strength of the operating model and increasingly diversified revenues. The Minerals margin was maintained above 31% in a year marked by fluctuation and variable sample flow, particularly in the first half. Industrial Materials delivered strong results across all the businesses, in particular Oil & Lubricants and Coal. Life Sciences delivered robust performance with industry-leading organic growth of 9.8% in Environmental and a solid Food result. The Environmental business continues to benefit from supported industry megatrends including increased testing demand for PFAS. Integration and supply chain acquisitions are on track  (00:03:01) performing in line with expectations. We are enhancing operations and customer experience across all divisions through innovation, advanced technology and our proprietary data solutions. And finally, we're pleased to report continued strong cash conversion this year, reaching 95% of underlying EBITDA. As you know, in ALS, we remain guided by our vision to be the global leader in the discipline of scientific analysis, in pursuit of a better  world (00:03:32) for all, while keeping safety front of mind. Health and safety underpins everything that we do and remains top priority in every aspect of the business. This is essential to protect our people, to drive performance and to build trust with our fans. ALS continued to deliver leading safety performance well ahead of industry benchmarks. Our strong safety culture is not only  of value (00:03:58) it's a key enabler of financial performance. Our business delivered strong overall revenue growth of 16%, in fiscal year 2025 and organic growth was solid at 4.9% in line with our guidance. Underlying EBIT grew by 4.7%, 7.7% on a constant currency basis, while the margins declined 17.2%, reflecting the dilution from recent acquisitions and cyclical pricing pressures in Minerals. However, if we exclude the recent acquisitions, our underlying margin was 19.1% in line with fiscal 2027 strategic plan objectives. The return on capital employed declined from 18.9% again reflecting the impact of recent acquisitions. Underlying net profit after taxed declined 1.4% to the, AUD 312.1 million, noting that the NPAT increased by 2.8% on a constant currency basis. Our cash generation, balance sheet and liquidity remains strong, supporting implementation of our capital framework and continued growth journey moving forward. Reflecting the company's solid performance, cash generation, liquidity and  supportive outlook (00:05:14) the board has declared a final dividend of AUD 0.197 per share, which equates to a 60% payout ratio. So let's now turn to the operational performance across our key businesses. Let's start with Commodities. In Minerals, we saw modest organic revenue growth of 0.5%, driven by improved revenue mix and geochemistry and an uptick in sample volumes, particularly in Q4, metallurgy was subdued, especially during the first half, with a modest improvement during the second half of the year. Industrial Materials performed well with strong organic revenue growth of 11.3% and margin improvement across all businesses. Combined the margin in Commodities business was down 116 basis points to 28.2%. Again important to note the solid margins in Minerals, even in this environment at 31.1%. Moving to Life Sciences. The environmental Business saw strong organic revenue growth of 9.8%, with low to mid-teens organic growth across APAC and EMEA regions. As expected, environmental margins were impacted by recent acquisitions, while pleasingly margins in the legacy businesses improved. In Food, organic revenue was up 6% with low double-digit growth within our largest European markets offsetting softness in other regions. And finally, our Pharma business saw organic revenue decline by 2.6%, with mixed performance across operations, excluding Nuvisan the Pharmaceutical business saw organic revenue growth of 1.8%. Combined the operating margin in Life Sciences business was down 57 basis points to 14.5%. However, excluding acquisitions, the margin in the legacy business improved by 62 basis points to 17.1%. So let's touch briefly on how we are playing what we think are turbulent times. Everyone on the call is aware of the heightening macroeconomic uncertainty  impact (00:07:26). There are three key points we would like to make about this. First, ALS is well-positioned to navigate current macroeconomic uncertainty, supported by a well-developed hub and spoke model, predominantly variable cost structure and low exposure to tariff sensitive inputs, with consumers representing only 10% to 15% of our total cost. Second, we are progressively reducing business cyclicality by diversifying beyond mining exploration into resilient high growth sectors like mine site and Environmental that is now our largest revenue division. And finally, ALS is a truly global player with diverse revenue across all major geographies. The US represents 12% of the company's revenue, while China is less than 1%. The next slide outlines the strong revenue growth delivered in fiscal year 2025 for a total of AUD 3 billion. But in the interest of time, we'll move straight to the  detailed (00:08:27) divisional performance starting with Commodities which demonstrates resilient in our recovering market. Total revenue for Commodities increased by 0.2%. Organic growth in geochemistry and industrial materials was offset by adverse effect. On a constant currency basis, revenue growth was up 2.5%. The underlying EBIT margin declined 28.2% and pleasingly the Minerals margins remain strong at 31.1%, reflecting steady lowering of cyclicality, flexibility of the cost base and improved revenue mix. Pricing was compressed during the year, but finished more positively as volumes improved  reduced (00:09:13) sample volumes in exploration, were partially offset by an increase in market share, ongoing value-added services take-up and growth in downstream activity. Metallurgy was subdued with some improvements in the second half. The following slide provides a clear picture of geochemistry performance of the year, including the positive momentum we saw in Q4 and into the start of fiscal year 2026. During the first half of 2025  we flagged (00:09:44) volatility in sample volumes, pleasingly the full year ended up with 2.4% increase. An encouraging shift after last year 8.4% decline. We saw strong volumes, especially in Q4, across most key regions, including Australia, Asia, South America. North America was slightly down for the year, but showed signs of recovery toward the end of the year. Exploration activity is being supported by strong commodity price, the energy transition and emerging trends like resource nationally. We have also experienced solid business development activity, which continues to reinforce our key position in market. Our client needs has shifted towards majors, due to funding constraints for juniors, though we have seen some recent positive increase in equity raisings in that sector. Our commodity mix reflects the recent uptick in gold activity and is consistent with global macro-trends linked to electrification, battery metals and rare earth. As we've outlined over the last two years, our Minerals business is on a strategic journey to expand downstream. An important step in reducing revenue and earnings  in the guide (00:10:58). With Minerals exploration testing services made up 73% of revenue in 2025, with new service offerings and downstream growing at an accelerated rate. High performance methods continued to see increased uptake with three-year revenue CAGR of 28.5%. We continue to develop, enhance and refine  (00:11:20) and we're optimistic about the opportunity of this unique ALS methodologies continue to provide to clients. On the downstream side, mine site is on a similar accelerated project with a three-year CAGR of 22%. Metallurgy has a three-year CAGR of 8%, which is a solid performance considering the soft market conditions experienced during 2025. So, in summary, we are very pleased with the efforts to maintain Minerals EBIT margins through the cycle with the margin remaining above 30% for the fourth consecutive year. So let's now move to the other segments within Commodities. I will just mention briefly some comments on this financial year. Industrial Materials grew organically by 11.3% in 2025 with margin expansion across all businesses. To pull out Oil & Lubricants had a very strong fiscal year 2025, which delivered 12.6% organic growth. Growth was driven by new clients wins in North America and continued solid performance in Latin America, Australia and New Zealand. And we've also begun expanding through greenfield sites in the US with more underway in both Latin America and Europe. So with that now let's turn to the Life Sciences that is the larger of our two businesses. The Life Sciences division accounts for 64% of the group's revenue during fiscal year 2025, up from 58% last year. During 2025, we experienced strong growth led by Environmental and Food with total revenue growing by 27.4%, organic growth of 6.6%, and contributions from recent acquisition were partially offset by adverse FX movements. The underlying EBIT margin was 14.5% and was checked by recent acquisitions. Environmental delivered market-leading organic growth of 9.8% with mid-teen organic growth in EMEA and low double-digit growth in APAC and Canada. On Food volume and price growth in Europe supported a strong 6% organic growth. Pharma had a mixed performance across legacy operations with improvements from Nuvisan. With the impact of – from recent acquisition, it's important to look at Life Sciences performance through three lens. Total initial results, which I've covered, the underlying performance of the legacy business and a high level view of how the acquisitions are tracking against that. So let's now take a closer look at the underlying performance. As I have said Life Sciences organic revenue growth was 6.6% excluding Nuvisan, Wessling and York, legacy Life Sciences, organic growth was sort of 8%. Legacy EBIT margin was 17.1%, an increase of 62 basis point from 2024. The margin improvement was led by the Environmental business. While  (00:14:20) margins in the short-term we are targeting continued improvement in Life Sciences margins with ongoing integration and optimizations of these recent acquisitions. Consistent with our value creation framework, we're focused on delivering the expected 15% return on capital in the medium-term. To touch on Wessling, this acquisition performed well during the year with both revenue and earnings exceeding expectations. In fiscal year 2025, our focus was on aligning the cost base and initiating the rollout of the operating model. The cost-out program was largely completed and delivered successfully with most of the benefits expected to start flowing through in fiscal year 2026. We are now entering to the second phase of the integration, which centers on embedding best practices, advancing our operating model and accelerating growth. Moving to York, in the Northeast of the United States, performance here was in line with expectations. There have been incremental margin improvement and ongoing focus will be on cost-out with business case synergies to continue during fiscal year 2026. I want to take a few moments to showcase our Environmental business, which is the largest revenue stream in the group, and have consistently delivered leading organic growth with an 8.4% CAGR over the last three years. ALS is the second largest provider of environmental testing globally. We have over 170 environmental locations in North America, South America, Europe, Middle East, Asia  and Australia (00:15:56). Environmental is decentralized market segment that is driven by regulation and enforcement at local, state and country level. These remains powerful growth drivers for the business. We enjoy operational leverage through our regional hub and spoke model supported by global capability development and best practices sharing across our global  (00:16:21) network. Our strategy focused on expanding our presence in high GDP per capita economies, where regulatory standards and enforcements are strong, where we can achieve or maintain a top three market position. So let me make a quick comment around PFAS and the momentum we're experiencing in this market. PFAS remain an accelerator for the Environmental business. Delivering organic growth at 2.5 times the remaining Environmental perimeter. We are confident, we have built strong PFAS capabilities across our portfolio that will continue to support not only PFAS environmental demand, but also other services like packaging, cosmetics, and food. So with that, let me turn to Nuvisan, where we are pleased to report that the transformation program is not only on track but ahead of plan. Nuvisan has great capabilities, systems and relationships already in place and we are slowly leveraging these across the broader Pharmaceutical business. As we know, we have been intent on executing the transformation plan  and listed (00:17:29). And this is paying up during the year of full ownership, we implemented annualized gross savings of approximately €19 million by the end of 2025 of the total target of €25 million by the end of 2026. The – P&L benefit in 2025 was of €11 million. We are on track to complete the transformation program and realize the €25 million exit runway by the end of the first half of fiscal year 2026. This is six months ahead of plan. This is no small achievement. So let me extend a special thank you to the team that is  (00:18:07). Nuvisan made a positive earnings contribution to the group in 2025 and is expected to maintain ongoing profitable growth. We're very pleased with how the sales pipeline is building. And as you can see on the right side of the slide, third-party revenue now represent 56% of Nuvisan total revenue against 48% in 2023. To illustrate the strength of the year, closed sales opportunities grew by approximately 20% in value during fiscal year 2025. So with that let me hand over the call to Stu Hutton, who take you through the financial. Thanks, Malcolm, and good morning, everyone. In short, ALS has delivered solid financial results amid mixed market conditions. Malcolm has already touched on  (00:18:57), so I will move straight along to talk about margins. As noted earlier, the group margin contracted by approximately 160 basis points on a constant currency basis. This is reflecting the impact from acquisitions and cyclical pressures in Minerals. Commodities margin declined by approximately 95 basis points at constant currency, reflecting reduced exploration activities through the first half and some market pricing pressure, which we have  (00:19:25). Life Sciences organic margin grew by approximately 105 basis points. Scope dilution from the Nuvisan, York, and Wessling acquisitions contributed to overall decline of approximately 60 basis points. The adverse impact from the FX of 25 basis points for the group was largely due to unfavorable currency impacts in high margin emerging markets in the Commodities business. Now moving to capital management. The group continues to deliver on key objectives for the ALS value creation framework: growth, strong cash generation, shareholder returns and balance sheet strength. Leverage of 2.3 times was at the upper end of our targeted range of between 1.7 times and 2.3 times both well within lender covenants as well as EBITDA interest cover. We expect the leverage to start reducing in the second half though – or through a constant currency  (00:20:24). Moving to growth investments. Total capital expenditure was $165 million, which represents approximately 150% of depreciation and 5.5% of revenue. Roughly  70% (00:20:38) of CapEx was borrowed with a balance of maintenance activity or maintenance investments. We'll go into more detail on the capital investment plan, for lab upgrades, after covering the FY 2025 results. The board has declared a final dividend of $0.197 per share, franked at 30% and representing a payout ratio of 60% of underlying impact at the top of outside of range. On after-franking basis, this dividend payout is  in line with (00:21:08) the pcp. Moving to cash, where we saw strong cash generation. EBITDA cash conversion, increased to 95% and reflects continuous improvement in all facets of our working capital management. The increased M&A expenditure relates to funding for Life Sciences acquisitions in the USA and Western Europe, while good progress was made on both DSO and DPO metrics in our working capital management. We expect cash spend on acquisition integration programs and ongoing investment in PRP systems to reduce from the levels in FY 2025 and – in FY 2026. Turning to leverage, at 2.3 times leverage remains top end of our internal target range reflected the investment and integration agenda. The depreciation of the Australian dollar through the second half adversely impacted reported FY 2025 leverage. As I mentioned before, applying the  (00:22:05) at the end of the first half through the second half, the leverage ratio would have been 2.2 times. So, it would have started declining  (00:22:13) reducing as we had expected. The focus remains on solid cash generation in the next 24 months as the integration and the acquisitions are completed and the ROCE on those acquisitions improves towards our targeted levels. Post the equity raise, pro-forma leverage at 31 March would have been 1.7 times so reduction of 0.6 times.   (00:22:36) we are also calling out the timing of the investing $230 million organic growth capital that's being talked about today and timing of any bolt-on M&A acquisitions will clearly impact leverage over the next two to three years. Let me briefly introduce the property investment agenda. To protect and enable medium to longer-term growth to be met the substantial brownfield capital investment plan of AUD 230 million was approved during the half two of FY 2025. This will enable future expansion and optimize our land network at four of our key outlets in Lima in Peru, Sydney here in Australia, Bangkok in Thailand and Prague in the Czech Republic. We will circle back more on this as we discuss the equity raise in a few months' time. Now moving to our liquidity position, in May 2025, the group further extended its debt maturity profile, completing a rollover – revolving medium-term debt facility totaling $250 million. The pro forma weighted average debt maturity is now 4.7 years, an average cost of debt is a touch over 4%. The total underlying interest on – interest cost on borrowings and leases was approximately AUD 82 million in FY 2025. This presents a good, good guide for interest expense for FY 2026. But obviously investors will notice that with the surplus proceeds of the equity rates, assuming a successful today being initially used to repay bank debt the expected reduction in interest expense in FY 2026 is approximately AUD 12 million to AUD 14 million. Now moving to corporate costs and how these have evolved. Corporate costs were well-controlled and in line with expectations at 2.2% of revenue. The increase in corporate costs versus the prior period reflects increased higher people costs, sustainability related carbon credits and compliance, as well as additional support in the procurement and strategy plans. Our quest for improvement of operating leverage of the corporate functions continues. Looking ahead, corporate costs are expected to remain at approximately 2.2% of revenue in FY 2026. And for those of you – I think with most of you're aware of this, we are also relocating our operational headquarters to Madrid in mid-2025. So note that we will both be making the move along with other key executives. The corporate head office in Brisbane remains in place. So with that I'll pass back to Malcom.   (00:25:16). So let's recap the key performance highlights from the year. And more importantly, share the outlook and priorities for 2026. Many of you are  well aware with (00:25:25) the value creation framework, which we introduced last year to support growth and profitability, with the ambition to deliver top quartile shareholders' return. The framework combines our risk-weighted approach to capital allocation that will protect, extend and expand the portfolio. Overall, the group is targeting mid- to high single-digit organic revenue growth in the medium- to long-term and steady improvement in operating margin and strong ongoing cash generation. Allocation of growth capital is deployed, seeking a minimum ROCE of 15%, ensuring maximum growth and return for shareholders over the medium-term. As demonstrated in fiscal year 2025, our value creation framework, effectively guiding both inorganic and organic capital allocation, with more than 70% of the overall organic investments direct to Minerals and the Environmental businesses. The next slide shows our fiscal year 2025 scorecard by businesses. Most of these items have already been covered. I just want to call out one point within Pharmaceutical, in the right side of the slide. During Q4 of fiscal year 2025, the Mexican FDA issued a new regulation that relieve certain pharmaceutical products imported into Mexico from local testing departments, minimization efforts are under way, however, this change poses a AUD 5 million to AUD 10 million EBIT risk during fiscal year 2026. With solid performance across the portfolio in 2025, let's now shift focus to our digital agenda. This is an area where we will be continue to build momentum and deliver meaningfully. ALS is an innovative data-driven company and we continue to invest across every area of our business to drive growth, efficiency and value creation. From day-to-day testing improvements to the roll-out of our proprietary LIMS systems that we're targeting 95% coverage of key businesses in the next three years, we are advancing our operating momentum. We are also deploying robotics to enhance safety and productivity. And most importantly, we're using data to improve client experience, margins and unlock new revenue streams. We'll share more about our innovation journey at the Investor Day later this year. But the key message is simple, ALS is committed to embedding technology and innovation into everything we do and lay the foundation for what is coming in 2026 and beyond. It's important to acknowledge that we have a resilient operating model to navigate any near-term uncertainty related to macroeconomic conditions as a result of the ongoing tariffs announcement. We remain focused on delivering top tier service to our customers consistently, safely and reliably. The fiscal year 2026 priorities are, ongoing successful integration of recent acquisitions toward targeted ROCE hurdles, complete phase two of Wessling integration and the separate Nuvisan transformation plan six months earlier than what originally expected. The expected incremental gross EBIT benefit from Nuvisan is of €11 million in 2026. We're also looking forward to the expansion of our laboratory network through execution of our capital investment plan. And we are looking to minimize the AUD 5 million to AUD 10 million impact on EBIT from the change in Mexican pharma testing regulations that I alluded earlier. For the wider group, we are targeting 5% to 7% organic revenue growth and margin expansion. The Commodities segment is positively exposed to recent volume tailwinds, which are showing a positive return on exploration investments, primarily by majors and mid-tiers. The sample volume recovery we saw predominantly in Q4 continued at the beginning of this current fiscal year 2026, with positive momentum in Central Asia, Australia, South America and Africa. At the same time, we also continued experiencing a recovery in sample volumes in North America. At this point, that since peak season has not yet fully kicked off, it is more modest than in other regions we just referred. We have reasonable confidence that a positive sample volume trend will continue for the first half of 2026. However, we expect incremental margin improvement from the positive sample volume growth. The price pressure encountered in Minerals in fiscal year 2025 will largely offset the full potential operating leverage benefit in this fiscal year. Within Industrial Materials, we remain focused on accelerating organic growth in the Oil & Lubricants division, supported by new greenfields development across multiple regions. Regarding Life Sciences, current market conditions support a continuation in organic growth. For 2026, the group is targeting margin improvement of 20 to 40 basis points within legacy operations, which, of course, is in addition to the incremental benefit of the Nuvisan transformation. Environmental maintains strong momentum through Q4 and into the early part of this fiscal year. Capital allocation and minimum ROCE targets will continue in line with the value creation framework. They would have pivoted to organic capital allocation in several key hub locations to accelerate medium-term growth in our core-focused segments. Looking medium-term, subject to macroeconomic conditions, the group remains on track to meet the fiscal year 2027 financial targets. This includes growing revenue to AUD 3.3 billion and growing underlying EBIT to AUD 600 million, with a group EBIT margin floor of 19%, excluding the impact of recent acquisitions. We will provide a further update at our AGM as well at Investor Day in July of this year. So we've taken you through fiscal year 2025 results, and we'll share the outlook for a year, let us, we move now to providing a more color on the proposed pipeline of growth opportunities in front of ALS and how we will fund these. We're very excited about this strong pipeline of growth opportunities we see across ALS. So let me – let us take you through some of these. Before I have to be clear on this, due to legal restrictions, we are unable to discuss details around the placement other than the basic terms referred to this presentation. So please refrain from asking questions about more specific details of the placement as well we are legally restricted from answering those questions on this as well. As noted earlier, we're planning to redevelop four of our key levers we have, two properties, all of which leverage existing sites. These are great wind projects and business we have today, significantly increase testing capacity and improve operational efficiency, supporting long-term sustainable growth. 70% of the investments will be made during fiscal year 2026 and 2027. To fund these developments, we are raising the AUD 350 million through an institutional placement with an additional SPP, targeting up to AUD 40 million for our eligible retail shareholders. At the same time, we continue to see active consolidation across the key sectors. Proceeds above the AUD 230 million used for the lab upgrades, will be used to pursue bolt-on and M&A opportunities over the next 24 months. While we remain committed to our de-emerging PFAS, these opportunities have come together at once. We believe it is the right time to strengthen our balance sheet, so we can move decisively on both organic and inorganic growth opportunities. As most of you know, ALS operates in the attractive testing and inspection certification  engine (00:33:13). Our portfolio is unique and diversified and we are focused on those areas, where ALS has a clear competitive advantage and where we see significant demand. Our disciplined approach to value creation is built on strong organic growth, complemented by targeted bolt-on M&A. We are delivering on our commitments, tracking well to our fiscal year 2027 objectives, with a clear disciplined strategy. The testing markets within the broader TIC industry is large, growing and  working (00:33:45), driven by global megatrends, such as regulations, sustainability, electrification and supply chain complexities. ALS is focused on the testing segment, which represents over half of the TIC market and is increasingly shifting towards outsourcing. By 2030 outsourced testing is expected to make up to nearly 50% of the total market. We are well-positioned in this space, currently leveraged to around 30% of the market and we see significant opportunity to grow both organic and through continuous industry consolidation. As mentioned before, ALS is a leading global player in the TIC industry, with well-diversified and resilient portfolio, both in terms of end market and geography. Our Environmental and Minerals business are global leaders and together account for approximately 73% of the group's revenue. The remaining portfolio, comprising, Industrial Materials, Food and Pharmaceutical, add further diversity and long-term growth potential. These scale and balance support a strong earnings profile and attractive returns underpinned by a disciplined focus on ROCE. ALS has a strong track record of creating shareholders' value. Since 2018, we've delivered approximately 11% combined annual revenue growth and a total shareholders' return of 189% well-above industry benchmarks. These results reflect the strength of our portfolio, the disciplined execution of our strategy and our focus on delivering sustainable long-term value. We've covered the disciplined value creation framework, so we'll skip to the next slide. This next slide  comes with (00:35:37) the exciting opportunities ahead for ALS. Over the past few years, we've been strategically developing our hub & spoke operating model. And we now have a clear path to unlock further value in two key areas. First, we are investing AUD 230 million to upgrade four major hub laboratories across key regions, where we see strong organic growth and have a leading position and a competitive advantage. These upgrades will significantly increase capacity, support continue market share gain, and enhance efficiency, especially in Minerals. Importantly, these investments also give us greater flexibility in our cost base during future cycles and reduces risks around environmental lab accreditation by securing long-term infrastructure setting. And second, ALS has a proven track record of disciplined accretive bolt-on acquisitions. We see a strong pipeline of opportunities to add scale and capabilities  (00:36:39) will give us the balance sheet flexibility  (00:36:43) as these opportunities arise, ideally enabling  bilateral deals (00:36:47) where we can move quickly and creating long-term value. So let's start with how we plan to deploy the AUD 230 million investment. Let me start by saying that these upgrades will enable, in the first instance, to protect the business we have in those regions, and most importantly, enable us to participate in market growth for the medium to long term. As many of you know, ALS pioneered the hub-and-spoke model in the TIC industry. This model enables us to deliver standardized high-quality service to clients across regions, while leveraging best practices, technology, and systems globally. It also provides operating flexibility by allowing samples to be tested across different hubs, ensuring consistency and efficiency and business continuity. Our global lab network today includes more than 200 spokes and 24 hubs. In Minerals, we run a mature global hub-and-spoke model, thanks to the centralized workflows and global demand. In contrast, Environmental business have developed strong regional hub networks due to local regulatory drivers and more limited cross-border sample movement. Strategically, this model gives ALS four key advantages. It allows us to adapt quickly to changing regional demands, deliver strong operating leverage, supports global clients with consistent service, and diversifies our revenue base. With that in mind, Stuart will walk you through the four hub locations where we propose to expand  (00:38:26). Thanks, Malcolm. Let me begin by emphasizing that managing laboratory expansion is core to ALS, and we do this every year as part of our normal operating AUD 150 million to AUD 170 million CapEx spend. We have a strong track record of delivering projects on time and on budget while achieving expected returns. In this instance, we are investing in four important hub locations, three in Environmental and one in Minerals. Given the critical role in our network and the long-term nature of the science, we preferred  (00:38:58). These four projects share three key characteristics. Firstly, they are in markets where we have a leading position  (00:39:09), which supports continued organic growth with current facility nearing capacity. They will double the size of the existing laboratory footprint, the second one. And third, they will be equipped with state-of-the-art technology and automation to enhance efficiency and scalability. The use of funds will be split roughly one-third for land and two-thirds for construction and equipment. Importantly, all land has already been secured and these projects have been carefully planned over the past 12 to 18 months and in some places longer. The capital will be deployed progressively, 40% in FY 2026 and – approximately 40% in 2026 and approximately 30% in FY 2027, and the remainder between 2028 and FY – between FY 2028 and FY 2030. Let me share some more detail on each of the four projects. Firstly, Lima in Peru, this is a high growth market where ALS has a strong position and the new hub will be critical to supporting that momentum. ALS geochemistry has been operating in Lima, Peru, since 1997 and in the current location since 2001. We will be consolidating three separate facilities, including sample preparation and the analytical labs into a single modern site enabling us to capitalize on future upside goals and increase market share in the Central and South American region  (00:40:33). This will significantly improve workflow, efficiency, logistics access, and overall client service. Importantly, the new site also provides room for future expansion beyond this investment. Secondly, Smithfield in Sydney, which has been owned by ALS for more than 25 years. This is one of our flagship Environmental facility and one of the top three contributors in terms of revenue and EBIT in the Environmental division.  (00:41:02) a key hub lab for developing industry-leading methods, including PFAS testing and central to the global roll out of Environmental systems and capabilities. The proposal involves converting the existing building into a purpose-built laboratory, then redeveloping the existing lab offices and common areas. Construction has already started on this site. Thirdly, the  Prague (00:41:27) facility which is the second largest environmental led by volume and a crucial European hub for environmental and food testing serving over 70 countries and processing approximately 25,000 samples weekly. The facility is approaching capacity to ensure future continuity and resolve logistical issues, which we have at the current time, ALS has secured the adjacent plot of land, which perhaps opportunistically  we came about (00:41:55). This will enable the company to further expand the lab analytical capability through new methodologies and technology, as well as free up capacity in other European labs. It will also support the consolidation  through the regional sites in Prague (00:42:08) into a single one facility aligned with the ALS way. Finally, Bangkok in Thailand, a significant Life Sciences business representing a strong Environmental unit and the third largest geography within the Food business.  (00:42:26) is the hub laboratory for Thailand for food, environmental, microbiology, and chemistry analysis with approximately 350 employees on top. The lab has been in its existing facility for 14 years, during which time revenues have quadrupled. There is no room for further growth in the current site and hence there is a risk of business stagnation and loss of key account and also a leakage to contenders. Each of these sites play a critical role in our global network and  ongoing (00:42:57) support, sustained growth, efficiency and technical leadership across our key markets. Now moving on to the sequencing of the developments. For three of the four development, the location of the new site has been identified. Well, Sydney involves redeveloping an existing owned facility. In Lima, we have already signed an agreement to acquire the land  with settlement due (00:43:20) in the first half of FY 2026, with design and approvals well progressed and construction planned to start immediately thereafter. We anticipate construction to take approximately one year and target commissioning in the first half of FY 2027. In Sydney, we  had secured (00:43:37) planning approval and the construction has commenced. We expect to complete laboratory upgrade by the end of FY 2026 with commissioning shortly thereafter. In Bangkok, we plan on completing the acquisition of the land in the first part of FY 2026, finalizing design and permits and commence construction by the end of FY 2026 with a construction timeframe of approximately two years. Prague  (00:44:02) project. As I said, the land has become available opportunistically  (00:44:07). We plan to commence construction in half two of FY 2027 and commission the new facility in half two FY 2030. We will obviously  (00:44:15) we can. So once we secure the land, which we will settle in June 2025 quarter, there are some demolition works with completion expected by the end of FY 2026. We will carefully manage the transitioning from existing hub to the new ones to ensure minimal disruption to the business, as we have done before. In aggregate, the projects are expected to meet our ROCE target with 15% in the first full year of earnings post commissioning of the final new laboratory, which to be clear is FY 2031 or calendar FY 2030. Our teams are working diligently to ensure that we stay on schedule. To ensure the success of the projects, we have partnered with leading real estate consultancies,  LatAm (00:45:04), and will support us across the entire process. We have a solid track record of delivering projects on time and on budget and meeting targeted returns – well, targeted returns within the expected timeframe. To provide some additional context and the strategic importance of these sites, in Lima, Peru, our Minerals hub lab for geochemistry in Latin America has shown high-single-digit revenue CAGR since FY 2018. This  (00:45:31) will capitalize on the increased investment in the Latin American mining sector, including for minerals such as copper, gold and battery metals. In Sydney, Australia, our Environmental hub has demonstrated a mid-single-digit revenue CAGR over the same period, driven by significant regulatory tailwinds and innovation in new methods by ourselves. Similarly, our Bangkok, Thailand hub for Environmental and Food testing has experienced strong market demand due to more stringent food safety regulations and increasing government outsourcing in the country. Lastly, our Prague, Czech Republic hub is the largest Environmental testing lab in Europe, with double-digit revenue CAGR over the last five years or so. This expansion will accelerate growth in target regions and support market entry into Benelux and Eastern Europe, as I mentioned before, will free up capacity in other adjacent countries. I hope  (00:46:25) investors understand the rationale for why we are undertaking these investments and why we're doing it now. All are highly strategic hubs with the developments demand driven in line with our growth ambition. And with that, I'll now hand back to Malcolm to conclude the presentation. Thanks, Stu. So  (00:46:42) opportunities of which we intend to deploy in time AUD 120 million of the total AUD 350 million placement  (00:46:51) opportunities. In the last 12 months, we reviewed approximately 80 opportunities, and we are primarily focused on  long-term (00:46:59) opportunities and have had initial discussions with the  (00:47:02) and are actively evaluating a handful of priority opportunities totaling AUD 150 million of cumulative revenue. We continue to see significant consolidation  of choosing (00:47:14) our priority capital allocation segments. These are largely in a rapidly growing markets that are underpinned by strong underlying  CAGR while (00:47:22) Minerals, Environmental markets are highly attractive and growing, well supported by  megatrends (00:47:27). We remain disciplined in our approach to M&A  (00:47:31) value creation framework in our assessment of M&A opportunities. There are three layers to our assessment. The first is whether the asset fits in our portfolio and whether  (00:47:40). Second, does the opportunity align with our capital allocation priorities in line with the value creation framework?  Which way (00:47:49) growth will be prioritized for Environmental, Minerals and Industrial Materials. And lastly, we target a minimum ROCE of 15% in the third or fifth year across investments. In this next slide, we  map (00:48:04) out the expected financial outcomes of the capital deployment strategy. From the equity raise, we plan to deploy AUD 230 million towards organic investments in the laboratory. The investments will be phased with majority of the capital deployed within 24 months. As mentioned earlier, we expect aggregate returns to meet or exceed the 15% ROCE in the first full year of post commissioning of the new labs. The remaining proceeds will be used to pay down variable components of debt, will generate interest savings before being deployed into future growth initiatives, including M&A opportunities within the next 24 months. We anticipate mid-single-digit EPS accretion based on run rate earnings from each three laboratories, which is fiscal year 2030 for Lima and Sydney, and fiscal year 2031 for Bangkok, and fiscal year 2033 for Prague. And further EPS accretion beyond mid-single digit for deployment for remaining proceeds in future growth initiatives that meet ALS' targeted return hurdles. On a pro forma, March 31, 2025 basis, our leverage would be at 1.7 times, which is at the lower end of the targeted range of 1.7x to 2.3x  (00:49:20). Consistent with our previous messaging, we expect leverage to reduce to  (00:49:27) and begin to realize incremental earnings from  this another recent investment (00:49:31). So to finish, we are very pleased to deliver another strong set of results. We have  (00:49:38) strong momentum into the start of fiscal year 2026, and we remain positive around the outlook for our business as we look to target 5% to 7% organic growth across the business, along with improved volumes and margins. ALS is a resilient global leader in the TIC sector, with  divergent (00:49:55) markets poised to capture growth opportunities from industry megatrends. We have a clear strategic advantage to our leading hub-and-spoke model and are proud  to whole (00:50:05) leadership positions globally, Minerals and Environmental. And regional strength improved Pharmaceutical and Industrial Materials. With today's announced investments in the new hub development to further  (00:50:16) position. I'm very proud to lead a strong global team and culture with our innovative, data-driven approach to continue to provide growth opportunities and enable us to better support  our investors (00:50:28). And finally, we have diverse earning profile, our disciplined capital allocators, and ultimately, want to deliver strong cash generation to maximize returns to you, our shareholders. So to finalize, before we open the floor for questions, I want to thank the entire ALS team for their continued dedication and commitment. I sincerely appreciate everyone's efforts. And with that  (00:50:53) for the long call, we thought it was important to cover both presentations, and we will open the floor for questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  We will now take our first question from the line of John Purtell from Macquarie. Please ask your question, John. Good morning, Malcolm and Stuart. Just two questions, if I can, please. So, the first question on Minerals. I mean it sounds like Australia and South America are driving the recovery so far. Are you expecting recovery from other regions going forward? And I suppose particularly where your outlook for 2026, and are you assuming any recovery from the juniors as well I suppose particularly where your first half outlook? Thanks, John, for the question. And yeah, so  we quote out (00:51:56) that the recovery was coming from South America, that's correct, and Australia, but also we mentioned Central Asia that we're having a good momentum. In North America, I think we're seeing mix figures, especially from the USA and Mexico, in a different part in Canada. And within Canada, eastern Canada is stronger than western Canada. This recovery overall is coming from majors and mid-tiers, and we've seen that the – probably the commodity mix is slowly – slightly higher gold than what we've seen last year. In terms of your question to around juniors, probably we have seen recently some junior developments, but it's a little bit too early for us to say whether the full recovery will be a push through junior. So,  continue exploration (00:52:44) expenditures by majors and mid-tiers. Did I answer your question, John? Thanks, Malcolm. And just second question on the Environmental. I mean, you've talked to  (00:52:57) the 10% growth. You've talked to that is industry leading. What would you say the drivers of that above-average growth? So presumably share gains and you've got obviously a strong position in PFAS. Are there any other factors to call out? Well, we're very excited about the incremental opportunity. And I think we called out that the CAGR over the last three years was 8.4%. It's a business that has been experiencing not only top line growth but steady, consistent margin improvement across all regions. And what is driving that? I think that you pointed out. I would say  the third of that (00:53:32) is pricing, and that pricing discipline that we all gained through COVID era is continue to be very much embedded in our operation. Obviously, probably on the near future that the  (00:53:45) price will be less than in the previous three years, but still the discipline is there. Second, I would say that there is a component of market share. We've been successfully deploying in a very reliable service. And when your service is reliable, clients came to accepting your proposals at a different price point. So we have been able to differentiate our services on quantity as well. And the third one is we continue seeing a continued pushing on the enforcement of existing regulations that will not allow new regulations, but the existing regulations are – and the enforcement of those regulations are consistently and  continue pushing for more work (00:54:27). And that has been consistent in most of the  regions, including (00:54:31) the US, that the state regulations are still there and enforcement is still very much there. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, John. Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly from UBS. Please ask your question, Nathan. Thanks for taking my questions. Just curious to deep dive a little bit deeper into the Minerals testing volumes. Obviously, looking to chart there in terms of monthly trends, but in terms of maybe how the fourth quarter tracked for you, can you just give us an idea on monthly trends? I'm guessing March was a reasonably strong month for volume growth. So, could you talk through what you saw there and to the extent you can in terms of those April or May  to-date (00:55:25) translates? Yeah. Thanks, Nathan. I think that you're going to be happy that that chart is on the first couple of slides of the presentation and you don't need a big magnifying glass to read the trends. And I think  (00:55:39) is very, what you say, is very true. I think that the momentum or the improved momentum started, I would say, at the beginning of Q4 of our fiscal year. Normally the Christmas season is a slower season than what we experienced this year, and we've seen mining activities resuming earlier than previous years. So that's number one. Those sample volumes I think continue steady and help us to rebuild inventory and work in progress in the labs, and that gave us also a little bit of a changing momentum in terms of pricing. I think we didn't mention these, but at the beginning of the calendar year, we raised prices by around 4% to 5% and also the current demand is helping us to be able to be more successful with pricing than what we had on the previous years.  What we said during the call (00:56:33), we are seeing continued momentum. So you see the sample volume  journey (00:56:39), there's a clear change I would say in Q4, and that is what we've seen since the beginning of the fiscal year without any concern, major concern of that change. We are  going out (00:56:52) and we are quite confident of H1 revenue, because that's the vicinity that we have, and it's in these macroeconomic conditions, it's very hard for us to give or have certainty beyond that one. But we're confident right now in terms of revenue. It's quite strong. Thank you. And a follow-up question what do you think has characterized that volume growth. Are you seeing outsized volume growth coming through from your mine site market share penetration strategy or you're seeing, I guess, the benefits of gold majors reinvesting in some of their exploration programs given their strong free cash flow generation that they'd be generating with elevated gold prices. I would say, Nathan, three things. The first one is the mix of services. Clearly, the uptake of HTM is still there and in this environment of less budget constraints it's quite compelling the outlook that we have. You rightly called the mine site. I think we mentioned during the call that the mine site had a 22% CAGR in the last two years. So clearly we are seeing ongoing momentum. But the third one is, you're absolutely right, we've seen an increase on gold activities through  our Lux (00:58:04) that probably that was the main driver. In South America, I would say that the critical minerals are driving the momentum and not so much gold. Stu anything to add. No. Thank you. You're welcome, Nathan. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Megan Kirby-Lewis from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead, Megan. Thank you. Morning, guys. My first question just on the outlook for growth CapEx. So just noting that it was AUD 120 million in 2025. How will that look in the next two years with the inclusion of the brownfield lab investment? Hey Megan. Thanks for the question. Look, I'd say to you, the sort of level of operating CapEx that we're saying in recent years will continue on. So the AUD 120 million, I think the total CapEx issue is AUD 160 million, AUD 170 million, so, yes, the level of that will remain and then these hub-led investments are on top of that. So cash – historically, because we haven't had the magnitude of these projects all happening at the same time, where we've been investing in ALS for minor expansions, that's just been funded out of that sort of AUD 150 million of CapEx. But these four projects, in addition to what we would be saying at an ongoing level of operating CapEx. Hope that answers your question. No, it does. That's clear. Thank you. And then just to clarify just the commentary on the Minerals pricing, but that will be offsetting the operating leverage. So just if you could just explain simply, I guess it just sounds like the pricing commentary has actually improved in the fourth quarter. So why will that be offsetting the operating leverage in 2026? Yeah. Megan, again, good question. I think that the way you're thinking about pricing, it's really the – we encountered from sort of Q2 and Q3 of FY 2025, really because volumes are still subdued, the market was tight. And to retain the volumes that we had, we have to meet the market, and therefore the pricing environment was much more pressured. So when we enter into those contracts, I mean, effectively we're basically – we weren't sure as we could, but see that as a sort of a 12-month commitment to the client. So while we estimate that pricing those tests will be carried out in the ensuing 12 months. So some of that impacted FY 2025, to see that in the second half FY 2025. But we'll continue on as we run through FY 2026. So while we expect if the volumes that we're currently saying are retained or maintained, we will see some operating leverage benefit, which we want to see and I'm sure you want to see even more. But in this period where we've got this – the flow through of the back book of business at a lower margin that is going to impact and largely offset any operating leverage benefit, certainly in the first half. We would expect that – at that back book as the old pricing or the more competitive pricing flow through the system or flushes through the system, so to speak, that we will start to see more the benefit of the operating leverage, which is why now outlook, we say we're looking for an incremental margin improvement in Minerals, but that's most likely going to be more in the second half than the first half. And to your point, Megan, we have seen  (01:01:55) volumes have improved that the pricing environment has, if you like, become more in our favor. So we're getting back to where we'd like to be, but I don't know that we can declare victory on that just yet. Yeah. No, that's clear. Thanks. I'll pass it on there. Thank you. Thanks, Megan. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Rawlinson from Morgans. Please ask your question, Nicholas. Hi, Malcolm and Stuart. Just couple from me. On Minerals, sample volumes looked to be up about 15% in April by. How do we reconcile your guidance for 5% to 7% organic growth between Life Sciences and Commodities, just by if you could sort of give us an indication what you're assuming per each division. Yeah. I'm not sure  (01:02:51), but I would say that's a bit more than what we're saying. I think what we're – I can give you a back calculate last year, so we were flat in the first half and then we were up for the full year, sort of 2.5% in volume. So that started in December. So while we said it was predominantly in the fourth quarter, that is correct. But, we started to see volumes move positively  and it's eminent, the central chart (01:03:18) will show that. So I don't think you get back with engineer all the math. So I think that delivers an organic growth of somewhere around in that sort of 7% – almost 6% to 8%, somewhere around there. And that's what we're seeing. So that's what has given us the confidence to call out that we expect across the group this year to deliver 5% to 7% organic growth. And you recall last year we said across the group would be around 5%. So we're feeling more optimistic. But I think everyone's got to understand that these are uncertain times. We're not trying to be too negative or conservative here, but we had seen even last year we had some volume fluctuations quite regularly, especially in the first half. So I think we're just – I guess we're cautiously optimistic is how I describe it. Okay. Thanks for that. And then just on that 20 bps to 40 bps of margin expansion in Life Sciences ex year acquisitions, does that include that AUD 5 million to AUD 10 million impact from Mexico or do we need to deduct that afterwards? You need to deduct that afterwards. So it's a separate building block. Okay. And can I just ask one last one?  I have heard from few genius (01:04:39) that turnaround times have actually blown out here in Australia for some of your competitors. Could you just comment on the industry landscape here in Australia and whether that will give you some incremental pricing power? Hey, was that a question? I think that it's a fair assessment, Nicholas. But that certainly we can comment. We always work to improve our service delivery and be sure that we can serve the client demands, but obviously, while capacity continue, we'll start lacking in the market that would give us an opportunity from a price perspective. That's a – I think you made a fair comment. Awesome. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Thank you.  We will now take our next question from the line of Jakob Cakarnis from Jarden. Please ask your question, Jakob. Hi guys. I'm interested in obviously the focus on volumes, but clearly price mix deteriorated in the Minerals business through the second half. It looks like including FX in the first half price mix was positive 3.2% and then if you back it out, it was negative 4% in the second half. And then you've bothered in the commentary on slide 33 to say that you think it's going to constrain the operating leverage. I'm just trying to separate essentially what looks like an elasticity. As you've dropped price, you've got more volume. How do we think about that in the first half and then second half? I mean, it sounds like you're expecting some of that price mix headwind to continue in the first half, but what gives you confidence that, that reverses? Yeah, Jakob, good question. It's similar to Megan's question, I think. So what we're saying is, this is how – I guess the pricing work. So as we went through Q2 and Q3 in FY 2025, the market was, if you like, in the clients favor and the good demand was still subdued. So to meet the market, we had to lower prices to firstly retain the business we had or that we were bidding for. And similarly, we were still endeavoring in that time to grow market share because as the market hopefully recovers, you have the market share that you can then leverage into a better price environment. So those commitments to clients tend to be 12 months in duration. So as we started to provide those testing services, they have impacted – start to impact in Q3, more impact in Q4. And we'll continue – FY 2025 that is and we'll continue to impact through FY 2026. And you're quite right, we would – we think it's our assessment at the moment in terms of margins because of that pricing pressure that's going to largely offset, especially in the first half, the benefit of the operating leverage that we are absolutely steadfastly pursuing on the improved volumes. But as those core pricing arrangements start to run off in the second half of FY 2026, we should start to see, our margin – we expect to see our margins expanding. That's why we've called out across the year incremental margin improvement. But I think you should be thinking of that more second half than to the first. And is there a case study historically? Stuart that you can point to like things like we're in a similar situation to FY 2018, FY 2019, is that the kind of operating leverage we should look at? There was obviously a big improvement in commodities earnings across those two years versus the base from the prior years. Is that the kind of operating leverage that you're talking to? I mean, operating leverage seems a little bit vague as  a catch all (01:08:35). I think consensus has 100 basis points of commodities margin expansion for FY 2026 and FY 2025. How do we think about all of those? To the question, Jakob, I think we need to see how the year plays out before we see we continue, whether it's a similar cycle than the years that you just covered. Secondly, obviously, from a mix perspective, the revenue mix and agents have changed in that year from a downstream perspective, that's also something that we have to take into account with a big focus on expanding mine site and the regional expanding mine site is to  (01:09:09) on the future downside. So, I think it's hard to give you a precise number because if you wanted the positive, we should have the  HBMs (01:09:18) that they were not as affirmatively as they are right now. So I think we – as we said in the past, it's something that we want to work through. We're always working in improving our operating leverage. Short term, as Stuart said on the first half, I think that the headwinds are the pricing that we needed to have in order to secure market share and expansion that's here. But we will have to see how the site replacement was placed on the second half to give you a solid answer and where the upside of that we are quite confident of the operating model that we  (01:09:49). And I think, here with our cycle, we have proven that the – that we can break that  (01:09:56), but let's wait for the cycle and see where that seating and we'll always be looking to break it so. I think it's something we need to improve and we are working on ways to early do to give you a number. Yeah. Obviously that downstream as you push into mine sites at lower margin than the overall group just given that that's growing faster and the margins are going backwards, is that the right conclusion, Malcolm? Yeah. It makes sense. Jacob, that's right. I think  (01:10:28) first half, second half, I think what I would take away from our second half is the margins were the same as the first time. So I would say seen as a positive that we're able to offset the pricing pressure that was coming through in the second half with, if you like, operating leverage benefit, which is a whole number of things. To your point, it's not easy to quantify exactly, but I think but for the  (01:10:54). So I think, we're confident with the operator which is there and  (01:11:01) are masked by the impact of the pricing. But as said, we made the decision to retain the values and  keep our legs (01:11:10) as full as we could. We went uncomfortable with short-term pricing, I guess, for meeting the market, because that enable us to keep our market share on the basis that we know from history to go back to you mentioned 2018. We had done this before where we might make sure we keep the volumes so that when the market conditions change,  (01:11:33) might raise the question around turnaround time,  (01:11:35) et cetera. If you've got the business, it's up to us to continue to deliver, to keep it, but you've got to have it first. It's very hard to win business in a much tighter, much more demand-driven market than it was during the sort of middle period of calendar 2025. Just one final one for me, just on Life Sciences, just to rehash Nicholas's question, so you were saying 30 basis points to 40 basis points on the underlying business. It sounds like we've got to take off that AUD 5 million to AUD 10 million from Mexico. But given the mix of those businesses that you've acquired are essentially less than group or a drag on group, is there a chance that FY 2026 Life Sciences EBIT margins, as reported are less than FY 2025? I wouldn't think so, because the other thing is you've got to factor in the Life Sciences, which again, in addition to that 20% to 40% is you got ongoing improvement in investment and you also got the ongoing improvement in Nuvisan. So on the match, I've – I wouldn't say margin going back with Life Science  (01:12:41). Thank you. Thanks, Jakob. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rohan Sundram from MST Financial. Please go ahead, Rohan. Hi Malcolm and Stuart. Just a question on tariffs and I appreciate you said that it's minimal impact to your cost base. But in terms of impacts to your customer base, just wondering if any customer groups are showing any more sensitivity than others around tariffs. And do you see it as a potential opportunity in some instances for your customer base or with regards to your customers? Thanks. Thanks, Rohan. Good questions. To your first part of the question, whether we have seen more sensitivity. I think what we try  to guide is that (01:13:30) we've seen growing momentum. I think that the question is on  lack of stability (01:13:36) and when the tariff discussions will settle. Specifically  (01:13:42) for Canada. I think that the volatility in Canada was larger than in other regions. And – but we haven't seen that sensitivity and clients pulling back and reflecting I could say with some certainty, none of our business as we've seen that. In terms of upside, let's see where the tariffs ends and what's the meaning of that, because clearly, whether that's going to be an opportunity for operations that we have in India or in Mexico or in Brazil, clearly those – some of those countries will benefit, especially Mexico and India may be on the discussions. I think it's too early to call the upsides, but clearly from a negative, we haven't seen an impact or we haven't seen an increased sensitivity from clients. Thanks, Malcolm. Yeah. All right. Thank you.  Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Megan Kirby-Lewis from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead, Megan. Hi, again. I just want to talk on the acquisition strategy. How should we be thinking about the deployment of those surplus funds and just any commentary you can give on potential size and the  end markets choices (01:15:07) would be helpful? Thanks, Megan. I may take that one. So on the acquisition deployment, I think you shouldn't be expecting anything in the next six months. We're still focused on completing and starting Phase 2 of Wessling, completing the transformation plan of Nuvisan  (01:15:26) the opportunity to start  shaping (01:15:28) the pipeline. I think we have a solid pipeline, in terms of end markets, clearly Minerals is an area that we are looking and we have seen an improved pipeline in the last 12 months, wherein Minerals, I think we're looking throughout the entire value chain, but specifically everything that we call not exploration, so it could be metallurgy, consulting, it could be a mine site as well. In the case of the Life Sciences portfolio,  we're clearing our (01:15:54) focus on expanding our Environmental business. There are some opportunities across different regions that we're looking. Those opportunities will take probably 12 months to start realizing, while we want to have this flexibility, because I think it gives us opportunity to have bilateral discussions and that's also always improved the return for our shareholders  that go into process (01:16:16) private equity process or institutional process. So it's a better outcome for our shareholders. So, in terms of end markets, you should be thinking of those two areas, as key areas of focus. That's great. Thank you. Welcome. Thank you. Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Jakob Cakarnis from Jarden. Please go ahead, Jacob. Hi guys. I'm just interested in the move of head office to Madrid. Can you just talk us through the thinking there and why now? Thanks, Jakob. Yeah the move of the head office to Europe was something that we discussed since I joined – took the CEO position. And the truth is, it's pretty simple. We have right now the executive team in the six different time zones. And primarily the executive team is now focusing in Europe. That's number one. So from a  (01:17:15) I think it's – we value the culture that we can create once in office and we've seen that Europe is the right location. So from a talent perspective, most of the key players are here and we have been making changes to the executive team and the senior leadership team with the key individuals from within the market that are normally in Europe and while – so that's the second point. And the third point is 40% of our workforce is in Europe. And as you can see from our results, we have been having a lot of focus on improving  those (01:17:47) and improving west in expanding in South Europe, expanding in Nordic. So it's clearly an area of focus for us. And in terms of timing right now, again it's something that we've been speaking for the last 12 months. It's the right time to do it right now because the recent hires of the executive team are all based in Europe and in terms of cost from a company perspective, really this is slightly lower than other jurisdictions. So that will give us an advantage. And while we are in Houston, I think that in Houston we are because the previous year  was based there (01:18:21) and the focus was in America. But it doesn't change at all the focus in the United States because we have a very strong regional team that will continue be focused there as we have in Canada the entire minerals team being focused in Vancouver. Jakob, do you have any follow-up question? That's all. Thanks. Thank you. Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Nicholas Rawlinson from Morgans. Please go ahead, Nicholas. Hi, Malcolm and Stuart. Just wanted to clarify, so that 20 bps to 40 bps of incremental margin expansion in Life Sciences, to put that to one side, that ex acquisitions. But is it fair to say the expectation is that the acquired businesses, Nuvisan  your contesting (01:19:17) would actually have higher incremental margin expansion just given the restructuring and the turnaround within those businesses? Indeed. Very good observation. Correct. And that's why we we're not quoting a blended story, because those businesses, even those on the call recall, both of those business when we acquired them were, what we knew some in 200% were losing money. And they both – turned both into profitable company in FY 2025, which we're really pleased about. But we're still a long way to go. And you're quite right, you've really grown those and improved the margin by 20 basis points to 40 basis points at the bottom. So they will be improving at a faster rate than that. Right. Okay. So the 20 bps to 40 bps, some of the low watermark. Awesome, thanks, guys. Well it's for the  (01:20:14) excluding Nuvisan, Wessling and York, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I'm showing no further questions. Thank you all very much for your questions. I'll now hand back to Malcolm for his closing comments. Yes. Just in close, I want to thank the shareholders for their support, everybody for their patience  (01:20:35) it was quite important for us to explain the fiscal year 2025 results but also the perspective that we have in 2026, the EBIT duration. And lastly, but most importantly, I want to also think again all the employees for their hard work and commitment during this fiscal year 2025 and what we have ahead. Thank you, everyone. Enjoy the rest of the day. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. 
            