
            Management Discussion: Good afternoon. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome, and thank you for joining the Amplifon Second Quarter and First Half 2025 Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Francesca Rambaudi, Investor Relations & Sustainability Senior Director of Amplifon. Please go ahead, madam. Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Amplifon conference call on second quarter and first half 2025 results. Before we start, a few logistic comments. Earlier, we issued a press release that related to our results and this presentation is posted on our website in the Investors section. The call can be accessed also via webcast and dial-in details are on Amplifon's website, as well as on the press release. I have to bring your attention to the disclaimer on slide 2 as some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. With that, I am now pleased to turn the call over to Amplifon CEO, Enrico Vita. Thank you, Francesca. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us once again today. As usual, let's begin with a general overview of the global market dynamics, which was clearly impacted by ongoing uncertainties and the various well-known events that occurred during the second quarter. These resulted in a high level of volatility and very different trends across markets, also influenced by some temporary factors that I will explain shortly. However, we believe that the impact of recent geopolitical and macroeconomic events on consumer confidence peaked in Q2. Hence, we anticipate a gradual improvement in market conditions in the second half of the year. Acting with the European market, it showed a two-speed dynamic. France confirmed our assumptions, delivering strong volume growth driven by the anniversary of the RAC 0 reform. Germany also posted a solid growth. Conversely, nearly all other markets reported a subdued trends, partly also due to temporary effects. Now, turning European markets, in particular, we're affected by the anniversary of the strict COVID lockdowns in 2020, which significantly reduced the returning customer base during the quarter. In fact, it is worth noting that the repurchase cycle in Italy, Spain and Portugal, typically peaks five years after the first purchase. Moreover, the June heat wave, you probably remember, certainly did not help, affecting especially the aging population, including many of our customers. For these reasons, we expect a better market environment in Europe during the second half of the year, also supported by an easier comparison base. I would also like to emphasize once again that we believe that the European market's performance in recent years comparing to historical levels has created some pent-up demand that could be potentially unlocked in the future. In the private US market, as expected, we saw an improvement compared to Q1. However, the trend remain volatile and still below historical averages. Over the first six months, the market was slightly lower than last year overall, with the recent uncertainties clearly impacting consumer behavior. That said, we do expect, also, here an improvement in the coming months. In Asia Pacific, I needed to mention that the continued, the subdued trend of the Chinese market and also negative trend in Australia. All in all, we estimate that the global market grew something more than 2% in Q2, primarily supported by the strong volume performance in France, which has now become the second largest market globally, and also, the plus 3% in the United States. Let's now turn to our performance within this market context. Our sales grew by 0.6% at constant exchange rate, while the euro appreciation versus nearly all major currencies in our footprint had an impact of minus 2.5%. Overall, organic growth performance was minus 1.7%, mainly driven by EMEA's minus 2.5% organic performance, which was also impacted by less favorable market mix. In fact, as you know, our presence is particularly strong in Southern European countries, which were among the most negatively affected in the quarter. However, it is also important to highlight and remember the impact of Easter, occurring in April this year compared to March last year, as well as the factor of a fewer trading days and the very high comparison base, given that we posted a 7% growth at constant exchange rates in the same period last year. The contribution from M&A activity was stronger at 2.3%. Regarding adjusted EBITDA, we delivered 24.9% margin, minus 180 bps year-over-year, mainly due to lower operating leverage and unfavorable geographic mix. Finally, we posted an adjusted net profit of approximately €49 million with a margin of 8.2%. In response to a clearly complex market environment, even though we expect the conditions to improve in the second half of the year, with uncertainty likely having peaked in Q2, we have chose to act swiftly, and then, decisively. We launched a comprehensive program aimed at structurally enhancing profitability, which we believe will also strengthen our competitive positioning over the medium term. The program in which we have named, Fit4Growth, target a run rate improvement of 150 to 200 basis points in adjusted EBITDA margin by 2027 and is structured around the four key areas of action. First, we are working to increase the efficiency of our retail network. This includes targeted consolidations and selective closures of less or underperforming stores, as well as driving further productivity gains through the optimization of internal processes. Second, we are announcing the efficiency of our back-office operations. This involves streamlining internal processes and improving organizational structures, also supported, for example, by digital solutions. The third area involves an even more decisive approach to cost management. We are taking important steps to reduce general and administrative expenses in the short term; for example, through a reduction in indirect spending like travels, consultancies, et cetera. At the same time, we are rigorously prioritizing our projects, focusing only on those initiatives that offer the highest return on investment. Finally, we have launched the strategic review of our business segments to assess their attractiveness and long-term potential. This includes evaluating our competitive positioning across markets, such as, for example, the wholesale business in China to ensure that our resources are allocated to the areas with greatest opportunity. As mentioned earlier, the program is expected to generate a run rate improvement of 150 to 200 basis points in adjusted EBITDA margin by 2027. I will hand it over to Gabriele, who will provide more details on our financial results. Gabriele, over to you. Thanks, Enrico; and good evening to everybody. Moving to chart number 6, we have a look at the group financial performance in Q2, which, as already commented by Enrico, reflects the challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical context, which appears to have peaked in Q2. Revenues grew 0.6% at constant exchange rates, while the FX was minus 2.5% due to the appreciation of the euro, mainly versus the US, Australian and New Zealand dollars, bringing growth the current exchange rates to minus 1.9%. The organic performance of minus 1.7% reflects around one trading day less versus 2024, equivalent to around 1.5% of growth. The high comparison base as in Q2 2024 growth at constant FX was plus 7% versus Q2 2023. The overall soft market environment with the US private market's showing sequential improvement versus Q1, although still volatile and below historical levels. European markets presenting a two-speed dynamic with the France and Germany showing a positive momentum; while the rest of the region showed softer consumer confidence, the effect of the fifth anniversary of the 2020 lockdown measures impact in the portfolio of returning customer, particularly in Italy and Spain and the exceptional heat wave across Southern Europe in June. Finally, the consumer confidence remain muted in China. M&A contribution from bolt-on acquisitions mainly in France, Germany, Poland, the US, and China remained sustained at 2.3%. Adjusted EBITDA came in at €147 million with margin at 24.9%, a decrease of 180 basis point due to lower operating leverage, the geographic mix in EMEA, the dilution stemming from the fast growth of Miracle-Ear's direct network in the United States, as well as the performance in China. Moving to chart number 7, we take a look at our financial performance in H1. Revenues were up at 1.6% at constant FX versus H1 2024, with the organic performance at minus 0.8%, reflecting over 1.5 fewer trading days; the very high comparison base in the just mentioned volatile market environment with the US private market slightly negative and below historical growth level in the first half of the year. M&A contribution was plus 2.4% with over 220 location acquired year-to-date; while FX was at minus 1.3% increasing throughout the period. Adjusted EBITDA was €288 million with a margin of 24.4%, 80 basis point below previous year due to the reasons just mentioned. Moving to slide 8, we have a look at EMEA performance. In the quarter, revenue growth at constant FX was at plus 0.3% versus Q2 2024 with the organic performance at minus 2.5%, reflecting one trading day less versus Q2 2024, which is equivalent to around 1.5% of growth; the impact of Easter holidays in April this year, as well as the two-speed dynamic of the European market I have just described. M&A contribution related to bolt-ons mainly in France, Germany and Poland was at 2.6%. Adjusted EBITDA was €110 million, with margin at 28.9%, 210 basis points below Q2 2024 due to the lower operating leverage and the less favorable country mix in the region. In H1, revenue growth was plus 1%, with organic performance at minus 1.6% and M&A contribution at plus 2.6%. Adjusted EBITDA was circa €223 million with margin at 29.1%. Moving to slide number 9, we have a look at the performance in Americas. Revenue growth in the quarter was over 3% at current FX, while the FX headwind was a material minus 7%. Organic growth was flat due to the very high comparison base. As in Q2 2024, organic growth was over plus 15% versus Q2 2023; the US market performance, which improved sequentially versus Q1, but remained volatile and below historical levels and the soft market in Canada as well. M&A contribution was over 2%, also thanks to the acquisition of 24 location in Arizona in April. Adjusted EBITDA was €30.4 million with the margin at 24.4% versus 27.1% in Q2 2024 due to the fast growth of Miracle-Ear's direct network in the US and the integration of recent acquisitions. In H1, revenues were up 4.3% at constant FX, driven by positive and above-market organic growth despite the remarkable 2024 comparison base when the region grew 13% versus 2023. Adjusted EBITDA was €57 million with a margin at 23.5%, 170 basis points below previous year for the reasons I just mentioned. Moving to slide 10, we have a look at Asia-Pac performance. In the quarter, revenue growth was driven by inorganic growth in Australia and New Zealand, offset by the performance in China where consumer confidence was muted. Please also consider that this reflects a very high comparison base with the 2024 organic growth of around 6% versus Q2 2023, a perimeter change of minus 0.4% due to the exit from the noncore wholesale business and the selected closure of less performing location in China, following the Fit4Growth program, which offset-ed the M&A contribution. Significant FX headwinds of minus 7.1% driven by the appreciation of the euro versus all regional currencies. Adjusted EBITDA reached €20.3 million with the margin at 23.7% versus 25% in Q2 2024 due to lower operating leverage, the performance of China, as well as the strong comparison base. As in Q2 2024, margins expanded by 50 basis point versus Q2 2023. In the six months, organic performance was flattish, while FX was headwind for 4.4%. Adjusted EBITDA was €44 million with a margin at 25.5%, 90 basis point below H1 2024 for the reasons just mentioned, including a 60 basis point expansion in Q2 2024 versus 2023. Moving to slide 11, we appreciate the Q2 income statement. In the quarter, total revenues increased by 0.6% at constant FX and decreased by 1.9% at current FX to €593 million. Adjusted EBITDA came in at €147 million, with margin at 24.9%, 180 basis point below Q2 2024 for the lower operating leverage, the less favorable country mix in EMEA, the dilutive effect of the fast growth of Miracle-Ear direct retail in the US and the performance of China. G&A, excluding PPA, were at €64.7 million versus €61.5 million last year, increasing €2.2 million in light of the investments made during the last two years in network, digital, transformation and the innovation, leaving the adjusted EBIT to €82.5 million versus €99.8 million last year. Net financial expenses amounted to €16.3 million versus €13.7 million in Q2 2024, primarily due to the higher net financial position and lease liabilities, following the strong M&A and network expansion, as well as FX differences. Tax rate posted a 20 bps reduction versus 2024, leaving adjusted net profit at around €49 million versus €64 million last year. Moving to slide 12, we see the H1 profit and loss evolution. Total revenues increased by 0.3% to €1.18 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was €288 million with a margin at 24.4%, 80 basis points below H1 2024. D&A, excluding PPA, increased by around €11 million, leaving the adjusted EBITDA to around €156 million with a margin of 13.2%. Net financial expenses increased by €3.6 million to €31.4 million, leaving profit before tax to around €125 million. Tax rate ended at 27.5%, leaving recurring net profit to €90 million. Moving to slide 15, we appreciate the cash flow evolution. Operating cash flow after lease liabilities was, in the period, equal to €102 million, €10 million below the €112 million achieved last year, following higher cash-outs for lease liabilities and a slight absorption of working capital, partially offset by lower taxes. Net CapEx decreased by around €1 million to circa €64 million, leaving free cash flow to €37.5 million. Net cash-out for M&A was €55 million versus the exceptional level of €143 million in H1 2024; while the outlays for the share buyback program were €55 million in H1 2025. NFP ended slightly over €1.1 billion, posted an increase versus December 2023 after strong investment for around €240 million in CapEx, M&A, dividends and buyback. Moving to slide 14, we have a look at the debt profile trend and the key financial ratios. As mentioned, the net financial debt ended at around €1.1 billion, with the liquidity accounting for €243 million, short-term accounting for around €305 million and the medium and long-term debt accounting for around €1.050 billion. Following the IFRS 16 application, lease liability were around €500 million, leaving the sum of net financial debt and lease liability to €1.61 billion. Equity ended at around €1 billion, mainly due to FX translation differences, €91.7 million; dividends, €65.3 million; and share buybacks, €55.2 million. Looking at financial ratios, net debt over EBITDA ended at 1.93, slightly increasing versus 1.63 in December last year after strong investments in CapEx, M&A and dividends. Net debt-to-equity ended at 1.09 times. I will now hand over to Enrico for outlook and final remark. Thank you, Gabriele. So, we have come to the end of today's presentation. Clearly, we are operating in a complex and global environment. However, we think that for the impact of the macroeconomic and the geopolitical context peaked in the second quarter. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, we expect the global market demand to gradually normalize. And in fact, the US private market is expected to continue its steady recovery, also supported by a more favorable comparison base. The European market is also set for a progressive improvement driven by strong anticipated growth in France; continued solid performance in Germany; and the gradual recovery across the rest of the region, particularly in Southern Europe, where a better base of returning customers is expected to support improvement compared to Q2. Moreover, in response to the current global context, we have launched the Fit4Growth, our comprehensive program aimed at delivering a structural improvement of 150 to 200 basis points in adjusted EBITDA margin by 2027. Based on all these factors for full-year 2025, we now expect the revenues to grow by approximately 3% at constant exchange rate and an adjusted EBITDA margin of around 23%. With that, I would like to thank you, all, for your attention. And we now look forward to taking your questions. Francesca, over to you. Thanks, Enrico. I kindly ask the operator to open today's Q&A session. Please kindly limit your questions to maximum of two initially in order to give everybody the opportunity to ask questions. Thank you. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. This is the Chorus Call conference operator, and we will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question is from Andjela Bozinovic with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Hi. Good afternoon and thank you for... Hello. Good afternoon. ...taking my question. First one just on France. Can you maybe quantify what was the performance of the country in Q2? And I assume that everything is going according to plan for 2025. But what do you expect from these renewals in 2026? Do you expect for push to be just in Q1, or can we expect the phasing to be more gradual? And second question, also, on EMEA. So, for the rest of the EMEA, what gives you the confidence that the market can improve? And if you can give us any details on the current trading. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So, with regards to France, I must say that we were pretty accurate in our prediction of the growth for 2025. And in fact, what I can tell you is that we are, again, seeing a mid-teens growth on total activations. So, that's – our assumption of the market growth in 2025 in the region of 10% is fully confirmed. What I would like, also, to add here is that according to our estimations, we are also – thanks to all the activities that we have started the last year in preparation of the anniversary of the reform, we think, that we are growing above the market. With regards to how long these effects will last? For sure, for all the remaining part of 2025, also, for a few months in 2026. Now, it's difficult to quantify if it will be four months, five months. But I would say that we expect a positive contribution definitely in the first half of also 2026. With regards to the second question, and in particular, the confidence of the EMEA market to improve in the second half and also in the years ahead, I must say, that the EMEA market has suffered over many different factors in the recent years, and also, in this first half of the year. And we believe, we think, that since the fundamentals of the market are definitely still very valid, there is some pent-up demand that is building and sooner, rather than later will be released. With regards in particular to Q2, we have seen a softer performance in some of our key markets, and in particular, all the markets in the Southern Europe; so, Italy, Spain, Portugal, which were the most affected by the lockdowns measures taken in 2020. And given the fact that the repurchase cycle of these markets kicks in five years, in Q2, we had also a negative effect before because of this reason. Thank you. And if I can just follow up on that. What is – that you are seeing in Q3 on the rest of EMEA? Do you see an improvement from this COVID lockdown? Yeah. Let's say – yeah, I can answer it in this way. Let's say that the most affected quarters in 2020, if you look, also, to our performance in 2020, where Q1, because of very, very bad performance during the month of March when the lockdown measures started, and also, Q2. Then we have seen a much better trend in Q3 and Q4. And also, as you may recall, we had also a quite significant bounce back in the following year in 2021. Thank you. Next question, please, operator. The next question is from Anchal Verma with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hi. Good afternoon. Two questions from my side, please. So, the first one, can we just dive a bit deeper into the EMEA dynamics again? France and Germany were in the positive territory, but can you please outline what the actual sales growth was for both France and Germany in Q2? And similarly, for the US, are you able to give us the organic growth you've seen in the US? And then, second question is just around your assumptions for FX. Can you provide us an update on your FX impact on sales and margins for FY 2025? Sure. Thank you. I will answer the first question, and then, I will leave it to Gabriele on the second one with regards to FX. So, with regards to the performance in France and Germany and the US. In France, we have seen a quite a stronger growth, I would say, in terms of market growth, I would say, something in the region of low-teens in the quarter in units. And what I can tell you about France is that according to our estimations, we have performed better than the market and we have gained share. In Germany, we have seen a solid performance from the markets in the region of 4%, 5%. And also, in Germany, we have grown a bit over the market growth. With regards to the US, the US market was, according to HIA data, which I remember – I remind, our sell-in data, the market grew by about 3%. And we grew, more or less, in the US in line with the market. And in fact, I must also mention the fact that in the region, we had a pretty negative performance in Canada, where we think, that the market was significantly down in the quarter. Moving to the FX impact during H1, the FX impact was around 1.3 percentage point, mainly driven by the appreciation of the euro versus all the dollars, So US, Australia, and New Zealand; and also, all the other related currencies such as Chinese renminbi. During H2, there's going to be an acceleration of this negative impact. In our estimates, it's going account for around the 3 percentage point. And at the end of the year, the average should be in the range of a negative 2 percentage point. But in terms of revenues, no major impact in terms of profitability, percentage terms, because, as you know, we are very much  (00:35:26), so we do not expect any significant worsening or improvement. Perfect. Thanks. And just to follow up on the market. I know, it's still early, but have you seen any data from July on the market, both on the US and France? Essentially, has it remained the same? Has it improved? Has it worsened? Yeah. I must make it very clear that I see these data – I mean, the monthly data not very meaningful because, again, they are sell-in data. I mean, you have to look at least one quarter. And I would say, I would actually recommend that you look at the at least the six months because these data can be distorted by launches of new products, et cetera, et cetera However, yes, July is, so far, showing a better trend. But I would definitely take this data with a pinch of salt. Perfect. Thanks. Next, please. The next question is from Julien Ouaddour with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hi. Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Good evening. Good evening. I can start with one. The first one is, I mean, we clearly see longer replacement cycle. It seems to be in Europe for quite some time, I would say. And the market is quite volatile in all the region. We saw it in the US, in Canada, in China and more. Despite you said is – I mean, you don't think there is anything fundamental that can explain the weakness. What if the replacement cycle continues to get longer? Could be due to lack of new reimbursement, competition from opticians, or even OTC glasses? And so, your view here would be interesting. And do you have maybe a best case scenario for 2H in terms of market outlook in case the global market remains subdued? Any potential downside for, let's say, top line or EBITDA in case the market doesn't recover? Thank you very much. Thank you. No, thank you for your question. I think, that's the main reason why the market has slowed in recent years and also in the recent months is, I would say, mainly and mostly – and most probably, only related to the current macroeconomic situation. I would say that the proof of that is what is happening in the US. In the US, we had a pretty significant growth until November, December last year. Last year, the market grew by 6%, 7%. And following all the different topics and very well-known events that you know very well starting in the New Year, we have seen immediately a quite significant slowdown of the US market, and nothing else than that. What I mean is that the US market already in the first quarter of this year went from a plus 6%, plus 5% to minus 5%. Again, maybe it's not that the quarter 100% reliable, but for sure, there was something that happened in the first quarter of this year, which has changed the consumer behavior. And the only thing which happened in the US is all is related to – all the events that you know very well. So, no, I think that, for sure, the current macro and geopolitical context has an impact. I think that if we look also to Europe, I think that we are now anniversary-ing the 2020, which was a year of, in particular in Q1 and Q2, very, very low sales which now are impacting the repurchase cycle – or sure in a situation of uncertainty, of inflation, et cetera, the repurchase cycle tends to get longer because people wait. Now, if the situation will improve also from a macro point of view with less uncertainty, with more certainty, there are many different things, I think, that, also, our market will reflect this improvement or a more clear situation at the macro level. Then, with regard to the second part of the question, look, while, of course, hoping there for the best, we wanted to get prepared for any possible scenario. We wanted to take a swift and decisive actions. That's why we have initiated our program, Fit4Growth, which is a very comprehensive program, which aims to structurally improve our profitability. We feel very confident on that. It's something that we have already started to work now for a few months. We have a number of different options and initiatives, so I'm confident that we will be able, actually, to improve our profitability from a structural point of view for our group and our company in the next years. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you, Enrico. And maybe just the second question is a follow-up to that. I mean, if the market turns a little bit weaker than expected, could you maybe accelerate the cost savings that you just announced? And also, about the cost savings, should we take the 150 bps to the like 200 bps as a – like 100% drop through to margin, or do you need to reinvest some in the business to grow? No. This is the net effect. So this is what we are aiming to – so, it's net effect of what we might reinvest, et cetera, et cetera. So, this is what we are aiming to deliver to the EBITDA margin. Then, in terms of acceleration, well, let's say that, for sure, we are working very hard in order to deliver it as soon as possible. So, we will follow our plans. Again, I feel very confident that we have a number of options that we are working on to deliver this kind of net results. Thank you very much. I'm going back to the queue. Thank you. The next question is from Hassan Al-Wakeel with Barclays. Please go ahead. Hi. Good evening. Hello. Good evening. Hi. Thank you for taking my questions; a couple from me. Enrico, circling back to the market, what has surprised you the most about Q2 numbers, as you've seen them over the last few months? I mean, it certainly comes as a surprise to us. And do you think this cyclical slowdown could be more structural in nature? Is it that you're losing share in North America or EMEA? I ask, given some more positive commentary from some of your peers on EMEA; or is it that you think the US maybe gets worse before it gets better as it relates to deferrals or down-trading? So, that's the first question. The second is whether you're reevaluating your M&A ambitions for the rest of the year and into next year, given investments needed as part of the Fit4Growth program, as well as the deterioration in markets that you talk about. Thank you. Thank you. So, let's say, that in terms of market dynamics, of course, we were absolutely aware of the potential impact of the anniversary of the COVID drop in sales back in 2020. But for sure, our goal was to offset and to mitigate this kind of effect through targeted actions aimed at anticipating returning customers in the free market, as well as leveraging on our marketing activities on new customers. Unfortunately, these measures proved to be more difficult in a context where customers tend to postpone their decisions for, I would say – in a period of a very high uncertainty. I don't think that there is anything structural that is affecting our markets. Again, I would mention once again the US. The US, last year, grew by a very healthy 6% or 7%. And all of a sudden, and already starting from January, we had completely – January, February, under the first quarter of this year, we had a completely different picture with the first quarter posting a minus 5%. Again, maybe not the right number, but definitely, a big swing in terms of growth in just one or two months, which tells me that it's not about any structural change in the market dynamics, but is more related to the events that we all know. Now, it's important, also, to mention one thing, which is that we still operate in a market which is a positive overall, which in the current context is something that, in my opinion, shows, once again, the very strong resilience of our sector. But once again, I think that to think that our sector is totally immune from the uncertainties and what is happening from a geopolitical, from a macroeconomic point of view, I think, is not even realistic. So, let me summarize in this way. We have seen immediately in our market the effect of all the events that we all know very well; nothing, in my opinion, structural at all. Still, we are operating in a very, very resilient market. Then, with regards to the second part of your question, I would day that, now, we are – I think that we are taking share in some of the key markets, like France./ Even in Italy we posted a better performance and then the market itself, et cetera, et cetera. So, I can definitely assure you that our ability to over-perform in the market is definitely intact. Whilst on the second part of the question, M&A ambition. Now, we wanted to see how the market will develop from this point of view. Also because, as I said, given the market conditions, we see an increasing number of potential target knocking at our doors. And we are ready and we wanted to take advantage of that. So, I think, the M&A has been part of our DNA since ever. And it will remain like this. Very helpful. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from Veronika Dubajova with Citi. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. I will keep it to two. One, apologies, I just want to circle back to the performance in Europe. And if I kind of – this isn't precise math, so bear with me or correct me if I'm wrong. But if I strip out France and if I strip out Germany, it seems to me that the rest of your European business declined high-single digits. And so, I just, one, wanted to confirm that, that math is right. And two, that your assessment, at this point in time, is that, that is in line with the market. I'm just kind of trying to figure out what's happened in the markets outside of France and Germany. And it just seems sort of inconsistent with the data points that we see from some of your peers. So, that would be my first question. And then my second question is on the Fit4Growth initiative. And Enrico and Gabriele, both of you could maybe give us a little bit more flavor for what is it that you're working on here? Obviously, as a business, you've done a lot of work on efficiency already. So, I'm trying to understand, is this closing store locations that are not performing well, is this reducing staff in the stores that you have? Where is the kind of cost-saving opportunity that you've identified? Because the 150 basis point plus is pretty meaningful. So, just trying to get some flavor for that. And maybe – and apologies if I've missed it. If you can comment on the cost of delivering those savings as well, that would be helpful. Thank you, guys. No. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So, with regards to the first one, so the markets of either Germany and France were negative. And I would, again, attribute these to, basically, first of all, to the anniversary of COVID. You may recall that back in Q1 and the Q2 of 2020, we had a significant sales drop, very meaningful, which in – I think, that in Q2, our sales were about minus 50% in Italy and in Spain and a similar number, also, in Portugal. You may recall that Southern Europe countries were the most affected by very extreme lockdowns. And the one thing that I needed to mention is that in Italy, the social market cycle is exactly five years. And in general terms, in all these markets, the repurchase cycle peaks in five years. So, clearly, these markets were affected by the COVID anniversary. And, of course, you know very well that in these markets, Italy, Spain, Portugal, we have got a very, very strong position. With regards to the second question, and therefore, Fit4growth, I think, this kind of situations are always an opportunity – we see as an opportunity to improve how we do a lot of different things. For sure, as you mentioned, for example, in terms of a network efficiency, we are now looking at the optimization of our network through consolidation of stores, also, some closures of nonperforming locations. Also, as you mentioned, we have been working on productivity now for a while, but I must say that we are still faraway to be totally and fully satisfied about our efficiency in the store. And therefore, we are also working on a further improvement of our in-store processes. For example, we are working on staffing optimization both for audiologists and CAs. So we are working on the agenda management in order to focus audiologists on the added-value and customer-facing activities. So, we are working on opening hours according to the potential of the store. We are working on a different task allocation between audiologists and CAs, and so on, and so forth. So, we are working on a number of different things as well as we are also working on making some efficiency in the back office because, we think, that there are a number of different things that we can do in order to improve our productivity also there. Next please. The next question is from Domenico Ghilotti with Equita. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. The first question is on the guidance. Because if I understood properly, so you are not slowing down the M&A, so I presume the 2% is still valid. So, is it correct to say that the organic contribution is 0%, 1%?. And the second question is on Italy and Spain. I'm trying to understand what has happened there because it's a matter of conversion because you didn't flex a particularly tough situation before, so I'm trying to understand if – so, the conversion of the activity, the clients was poor. And do you think there could be any impact from, say, the Nuance launch and this is creating some confusion in the consumer, or don't you see this kind of link? Well, with regards to the first question, yes, you are absolutely right. I mean, now we see an improvement in the performance in the second half with a contribution from M&A in the region of about 2%. With regards to the second question, let me say that we were completely aware of the fact that, of course, in Q2, the customer base was going to be much smaller because of the extreme lockdown measures taken in 2020. We were also envisaging to offset these kind of effects through actions aimed at anticipating returning customers in the free market as well as the new customers. But eventually, this kind of activities proved to be less effective than we thought, especially because we are in a situation where customers tended to postpone their purchases. I would like to mention that, of course, the performance on the Italian or the Spanish or the Portuguese market were, of course, affecting us significantly because of our stronger presence in this market. But let me also say that aside Germany and France, all the other markets, including Switzerland, including Netherlands, et cetera, et cetera, were not positive. And as I said also before, a reason for that, in my opinion, is only related to the current environment that we are living in as demonstrated also by what has happened in the US. Let me say once again, in the US, we went from plus 6% in the fourth quarter of last year to minus 5% or a negative territory. So, we do not want to be too negative in quarter one. What has changed since then? Only one thing, which is related to the events that you know very well. Thank you. The next question is from Oliver Metzger with ODDO BHF. Please go ahead. Yeah. Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. So, the first one is on the weakness in China. Can you give us some comments about the situation there? And whether you see any turn to better – in the foreseeable time, adjustment of one year ago, China was the big growth opportunity; now, things have changed? So, it would be great if you can have some more comments on that. Second relates also to a previous question on the M&A contributions. So, last year's M&A was more in the 2% to 3% territory adding to sales. Now, you mentioned as for the Fit4Growth program that you want to close some unprofitable stores or even leave some market. So, is it fair that, going forward, the net external growth contribution might be more than 1% to 2% territory, or could you already give us an indication about the effect you see from these restructurings right now? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So, with regards to the first question, I think, that China reflected a gain. Also there are quite challenging external context. And in fact, China – the Chinese market was a negative, also, in Q2 2025. And again, also, in this case, the only reason for that is low consumer confidence. And that's why, also, you may recall that we have posted the very strong numbers throughout all last year. And quarter two was more difficult and in a very challenging market. Let me also underline another thing, that is the performance of the Australian market, which is our main market in the region. Also, in Australia, we saw a negative market trend. Once again, the only reason for that is the kind of a macro environment in which we are living in. In Australia as well, according to our estimation, we posted in well above market performance. But clearly, the markets turned out to be pretty negative in Q2. I don't want that to be pessimistic. As I said, also, during my speech, I think that the – for what I know – for sure, for what we know, the level of uncertainty peaked in Q2. Some temporary factor will ease in the future, like the COVID anniversary, which has been a significant element that affected the growth of some of our important markets, so that we expect the second half of the year to be better. And this is also reflected in our guidance, which envisaged the second half of the year better than the first one. With regards to M&A for 2025, I think, you should assume to stick to the 2%, also, because the majority of activities related to Fit4Growth will kick in starting from 2026. Next please. The next question is from Robert Davies with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Thanks for taking my questions. Most of them have been covered. Just wanted to get a bit more color on some of the developments you've called out in the US. You made the point of US market growth going from 6% to minus 5% between 4Q and 1Q this year. But even in 4Q last year, the Americas growth was only sub-2%. And now, we've, obviously, kind of come closer to zero. So, how big of a drag was Canada specifically? I know you called that out, but just maybe quantify that drag in the quarter, specifically. And then, above and beyond that, what do you see in terms expectations for the Americas and Canada, in particular, kind of going through the back half of this year? That was question number one. And then, on question number two, just sort of circling back on your conviction level on a sort of country-by-country basis in Europe. Where have you got the strongest levels of conviction, particularly, in Southern Europe, you're seeing any improvement through the back half of the year, because the growth comparables are fairly similar through sort of 3Q and 4Q, 2Q? So, just trying to get a bit more color where you personally feel you've got the greatest conviction. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So, now, with regards to the US, now maybe we are checking the numbers. But out of my memory and I'm pretty sure about that, in Q4, we had the plus 6%. You may recall that at that time, we were talking about the Golden Age, and there was a lot of euphoria everywhere. And actually, the market was very positive in Q4 2024. Again, out of my memory, not less than 5% to 6%. Then, we saw immediately after, starting from January, February, March, a completely different trend. Again, I would not take the quarterly result as a – I mean, as a definite figure. But definitely, we saw a significant change in the trend, which can be related only to external factors. But I think that the positive news is that the trend is showing a steady improvement. What I mean is that after a very negative Q1, we saw a more positive Q2. As also, I mentioned, July for what this meaningful, is showing also better trend. So, we see a better trend starting from January onwards. So, that's why we are more positive about the second half in the US. But also, we are more positive also in Europe and in all the other markets simply because, we think, that the uncertainty levels have peaked in Q2. And also, some of the temporary effects that I mentioned before, in particular, the significant effects of the customer base in Southern Europe, which is due for renewal after five years, will improve in the following quarters in consideration of the fact that the very worst quarters of 2020 were Q1 and also Q2. Yes. Next please. The next question is from Susannah Ludwig with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Great. Thanks for taking my question, and good evening. I have two, please. First, I guess, on the negative impact from the COVID anniversary, how narrow is the standard deviation around sort of five years in terms of the upgrade cycle? I guess, it's just a little bit surprising in Italy and Spain that it would be so tightly banded, given that there is not reimbursement that makes you eligible at a certain date. And then, the second question just is on France, if you could maybe talk about how the mix shifts between Class I and Class II devices is changing from sort of last year to this year. I would assume you have more Class I devices, but to what extent will we see sort of a difference in market value versus market volume figures? Thank you. Thank you for your questions. Very interesting questions actually. So, with regards to the standard deviation, for sure there is a Gaussian curve in the repurchase, but this curve is very strict in particularly in Italy, where we have a social market and the reimbursement of the social market, which includes also the top-up market. So, the social and top-up part of our sales is basically five years straight, five years and one month, et cetera, et cetera. So, in Italy, in particular, where there is a reimbursement, the repurchase cycle is very related to a repurchase cycle in the region of five years and one month. In other countries like Spain and Portugal, for example, there is no reimbursement, so the Gaussian curve is wider. But in Italy, the repurchase cycle in the social market is very close to straight five years. With regards to... Can I just ask a follow-up on that? What percentage of Italy is the social market? Because I thought there was a pretty high threshold. You had to have significant loss to be eligible for the social market. Yeah. Yeah, of course. So, social market in Italy – when I say, social market, and include also top-up market on returning customers is in the region of 40%. Whilst with the second – with regards to the second question and the four Class I/Class II split in France, yes, also, in France, we see a significant growth in terms of unit. Of course, there is a bit of ASP erosion as to the fact – related to the fact that the share of Class I, of course, is increasing. So, the growth in terms of revenues is lower than the growth in terms of units. And are you able to quantify at all what the ASP erosion is, a rough guidance? At the moment, maybe we can follow up later on this. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. To the last questioner, I kindly ask operator, the last... Yes, please. The last question comes from Niccolò Storer with Kepler. Thanks. Thanks for taking my very quick questions. On your Fit4Growth plan, just a clarification. Should we assume the 150, 200 bps improvement to 2027 as additional to the one you would get with a standard, let's say, progress of the business or this also comprehend the natural, let's say, improvement you get from, let's say, returning to a normal growth in the business? And then, still, on this plan, how should we imagine the €35 million, let's say, cost to be split between 2025 and 2026? Thank you. Absolutely. So, with regard with the second question, I will ask Gabriele to tell you the split between 2026 and 2027. And with regard to the first question, no, the Fit4Growth program is, let me say, an extraordinary initiative that we have taken in order to face the current  (01:12:15) scenario. So, it's on top of what we would have normally delivered in the next few years, so it's additional. With regard to the split, maybe Gabriele... Yeah. In terms of the €35 million cash cost for the program, of course, we want to accelerate at maximum of the quarter, and so, the vast majority will be in 2026, a portion also in 2025 and the minimum part in 2027. So, that said, we can assume 2025 and 2026  are very much mature. (01:12:52). Gracias. Thank you. Thank you so much, everyone. Obviously, we remain at your disposal, Investor Relations, for any questions. And I kindly ask the operator to disconnect. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Bye. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining. The conference is now over. You may disconnect your telephones. Thank you. 
            