
            Management Discussion: Good afternoon. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome and thank you for joining the Amplifon First Quarter 2025 Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Francesca Rambaudi, Investor Relations & Sustainability Senior Director of Amplifon. Please go ahead, madam. Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Amplifon's conference call on first quarter 2025 results. Before we start, few logistic comments. Earlier today, we issued a press release that related to our results and this presentation is posted on our website in the Investor section. The call can be accessed also via webcast and dial-in details are on Amplifon's website as well as on our press release. I have to bring your attention to the disclaimer on slide 2, as some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. With that, I am now pleased to turn the call over to Amplifon CFO, Gabriele Galli. Thank you, Francesca, and good afternoon to everybody. Before we start on slide 3, I would like to share with you that starting from the first quarter of 2025, in order to facilitate the understanding of the economic, financial and operational performance of the group and in line with market practice, we made a change to the representation of the alternative performance measures used by the top management to monitor the performance of the group. Starting from the interim financial report of Q1 2025, the company reports certain indicators as adjusted in order to represent the group's operating performance net of charges of incomes that are unusual, infrequent or not related to the operating performance, and therefore better allow the analysis of operational performance of the group. Such adjusted metrics exclude for example, M&A transaction and integration costs and changes in earn-outs, costs for reorganizations and efficiency projects. PPA amortization, other non-recurring income and expenses. The company has determined at the same indicators also with the reference to the comparison period. And in the bottom of the chart, you can find 2024 P&L with the recurring data reported last year compared with adjusted data. A detailed explanation of the adjustment as well as the adjusted 2024 EBITDA by quarter and by region is provided  (00:03:18) to the Q1 2025 presentation. Here, I leave the floor to Enrico for his opening remark on Q1 performance. Thank you, Gabriele. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm pleased to present our first quarter results, beginning with general overview of the global market trend. In Europe, the market has evolved in line with our expectations, although there has not been a significant improvement compared to the final quarter of last year. Looking more closely to the main two European markets, sellout in France, as expected, remained still muted, while Germany showed more positive performance. Across the board, other markets contributed to the European market landscape that we estimate it to be again flattish with both ups and downs. As you know, we expect European markets to progressively accelerate in the coming quarters, driven by the anticipated strong growth in France, as well as by more favorable year-over-year comparison. The good news is that the current activation trend of the trials in France is strongly confirming our growth projections for what has now become the largest European markets. Furthermore, we believe that the European market performance in the recent year, compared with the historical levels, as created some pent-up demand that could eventually be released in the future. In the US, on the other end, the market decreased in the mid-single-digit range. While current uncertainties have certainly impacted consumer sentiment there, we also believe that these result was also affected by a particularly high comparison base, as well as rigid weather conditions in January and February. For these reasons, we expect that the US market will return to positive territory in the coming quarters. Finally, according to our estimate, APAC markets, the APAC markets in which we operate, were in slightly negative territory. All-in-all, we estimate that the global market declined slightly in Q1. In this context, our performance outpaced the market in  most few (00:06:03) countries and was broadly in line with our plan, particularly when considering that the first quarter included fewer trading days, which impacted organic growth by approximately 2 percentage points and that the prior year first quarter was exceptionally strong. In fact, revenues increased by 2.6% at both constant and current exchange rate. Organic growth was flat due to the factors that I just mentioned. The contribution from M&A activity was strong at 2.6%, with approximately 200 new points of sales added to our network and an investment of around €40 million in the quarter. On this point, I would like to highlight the continued expansion of our network in the US, driven by the recent acquisition of our fourth largest franchisee that we have announced just a few days ago. This brings our network of directly operated clinics to over 400 locations. In general, we are seeing a growing number of potential targets approaching us, willing to sell at multiples that are attractive from our perspective. Regarding EBITDA adjusted, we delivered the highest ever first quarter margin, driven by a 20 basis points increase compared to 2024. Despite a very strong comparison base since last year, we have already posted 100 basis points improvement over the first quarter of 2023. Finally, we posted a net profit adjusted of circa €42 million with a margin at 7.1%. All-in-all, we are satisfied with the results delivered, especially in the face of a complex and demanding market environment. These outcomes further demonstrate the strength and resilience of our retail business model. Now, I will hand it over to Gabriele to give you more details about our financial results. Thanks, Enrico. Moving to slide number 5, we have a quick look at the group financial performance in Q1, which, as already commented by Enrico, outpaced the reference market in  mostly (00:08:36) countries. In the quarter, revenues at constant FX increased by 2.6% versus 2024 with a flattish organic performance despite around 1.5 fewer trading days in the quarter equal to circa 2% growth. A very high comparison base with revenues in Q1 2024 increased by 9% versus Q1 2023 at constant FX. The ongoing market softness  both (00:09:11) in Europe as expected and in the US, which decreased mid-single-digit, also reflecting the strong double-digit growth registered in Q1 2024 versus 2023. M&A contribution from bolt-ons are mainly in Poland, the US, France, Germany and China were strong at 2.5%. FX was neutral in the quarter with a US dollar tailwind offsetting the Australian and New Zealand dollar headwind. Adjusted EBITDA came in at €140.4 million with a record margin of 23.9%, up 20 basis points versus prior year, thanks to the profitability improvement in EMEA. Moving to slide 6, we have a look at EMEA's performance, posting a solid top line growth and an excellent profitability. Revenue growth at constant FX was 2% versus 2024 with a flattish organic performance despite around 1.5 trading days less in the quarter equal to circa 2% growth. A remarkable comparison base with 4% growth in Q1 2024 versus 2023. The still soft market demand, even it's in line with expectations. In this regard, I'm happy to share that the current activation rate of the trials in France confirms our expected growth trajectory from Q2 onwards. M&A contribution related to bolt-ons, mainly in Poland, France and Germany was 2.7%. EBITDA amounted to €112.6 million, up over 3% versus last year, with record margin at 29.4%, up 40 basis points compared to previous year. Moving to slide 7, we have a look at another strong performance of Americas significantly outperforming the reference market. Revenue growth in the quarter was 5.7% at constant FX with a solid and well above market organic growth of 2.5% despite around one trading day less in the quarter equal to circa 1.5% growth. A very strong comparison base of 13% organic growth in Q1 2024 versus 2023. The soft market demand with the US private market decreasing mid-single-digit in the quarter due to the very high comparison base, the rigid weather condition in the first two months of the year and some general softness in consumer sentiment. M&A contribution mainly related to US and Canada was 3.2%. The FX was a tailwind of 1.2%, driven by the US dollar appreciation versus the euro. Miracle-Ear direct retail posted a strong performance in the quarter and in early Q2. We acquired another 24 clinics in Arizona from our fourth largest franchisee in the US. Adjusted EBITDA amounted to €26.7 million, an increase of 4.9%, with margin at 22.5%, reflecting some dilution from the fast expansion of the Miracle-Ear direct retail network. Moving to slide 8, we have a look at Asia-Pac performance, where revenues were up 1.2% at constant FX. Organic growth was 0.5%, mainly driven by the solid growth of Australia, offsetting the performance in China and New Zealand due to some softness in consumer sentiment and this performance was achieved despite the very strong comparison base of 9% organic growth in Q1 2024 versus 2023. M&A accounted for 0.7% and reflected on the one hand, the acquisition of around 20 additional clinics in China with a network today of around 500 locations. And on the other hand, the group's exit from the non-core wholesale business in the country. FX headwind was minus 1.6% due to the depreciation of both Australian and New Zealand dollar versus the euro. Adjusted EBITDA was €23.3 million, with a margin of 27.2%, compared to 27.9% in Q1 2024 due to the fast growth of China, the lower operating leverage due to the organic performance and very high comparison base in Q1 2024 when EBITDA margin expanded by 80 basis points versus Q1 2023. Moving to slide number 9. We appreciate the Q1 profit and loss. In the quarter, total revenues increased by 2.6% to €588 million. EBITDA adjusted came in at €140.4 million, increasing by circa 3.5% or €5 million with margin at all-time high level of 23.9%, 20 basis points above Q1 2024, thanks to the profitability improvement in EMEA. D&A excluding PPA, we had a €67 million versus €59 million in 2024, increasing €8 million in light of the growing investments made during the last years in network, digital transformation and innovation, leading the adjusted EBIT to €74 million versus €77 million last year. Net financial expenses amounted to €15 million versus €14 million in Q1 2024, primarily due to the higher net financial position and lease liability following the stronger M&A and network expansion.  (00:16:32) as usual slightly higher in the first quarter due to seasonality after the 80 bps reduction versus 2024, leading adjusted net profit of around €42 million versus €44 million in Q1 of 2024. Moving to slide 10, we appreciate the cash flow evolution. Operating cash flow before lease liability was in the period equal to €84 million, €13 million below 2024 after the very strong performance in terms of working capital achieved in Q4 2024. The operating cash flow after the repayment of lease liability growing by almost €4 million was equal to €50 million. Net CapEx increased by around €2 million to €32 million, leading free cash flow to around €80 million. Net cash out for M&A was at €41 million for the acquisition of around 200 shops in Poland, US, France, Germany versus the record €71 million in 2024, when as you remember, we posted a significant acceleration in bolt-on M&A versus last year. The NFP ended at €996 million after a share buyback of around €8 million. Moving to slide 11, we have a look at the debt profile trend and key financial ratios. As mentioned, the net financial debt ended up at €996 million with liquidity accounting for €261 million. Short-term debt for around €288 million and medium long-term debt for around €970 million. Following the IFRS 16 application lease liability amounted to around €511 million, leading to some of net financial debt and lease liabilities to close to €1.5 billion. Equity ended up at around €1.14 billion. Looking at the financial ratios, net debt over EBITDA ended at 1.67, stable versus December last year and net debt over equity ended at 0.87 times. I would like also to highlight that during the first four months of the year, we also completed a series of a refinancing transaction that will lead the group at the next measurement date of June 30, 2025, to no longer have outstanding credit facilities subject to financial costs. I would now hand over to Enrico for the outlook and final remarks. Thank you, Gabriele. So, we have come to the end of today's presentation. We are operating in a complex global environment and despite these, in the first quarter, we delivered profitable growth and achievement that we consider particularly meaningful given the impact of fewer trading days, the highest comparison base of the year and the soft global market, particularly due to the performance of the US. Looking ahead at the remainder of the year, we expect an improvement in the US market supported by a more favorable comparison base. And also, we expect a progressive acceleration in Europe, driven especially by the anticipated strong rebound in France, already starting from this second quarter. In this regard, it is worth highlighting again that for now our current trend in trial activation is fully confirming our assumptions. Taking all this into account, and as we mentioned during our last conference call, we expect a progressive acceleration in our revenue growth in the coming quarters, also thanks to the upcoming wave of new product launches. And based on all this today, we confirm the outlook previously shared with you. With that, I wanted to thank you all for your attention, and we now look forward answering your questions. Francesca, over to you. Thanks, Enrico. I kindly ask operator to open today's Q&A session. Please kindly limit your questions to maximum two. Initially, in order to give everybody the opportunity to ask questions. Now I turn the call over to Judith in order to open for Q&A. Thanks. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question is from Hassan Al-Wakeel of Barclays. Please go ahead. Good afternoon and thank you for taking all... Good afternoon. ...the questions. Hey. Three questions from my side. Firstly, thank you for the comments on France. I wonder if I can ask you to quantify the momentum you have been seeing or any KPIs around returning customers and growth in overall appointment. Secondly, can you talk about the US market and what you've observed as you progressed throughout the first quarter and into the second? GN talked about some improving trends in March and April and I wonder what you're observing and how you're thinking about the remainder of 2025? And then finally, on capital allocation, can you walk us through the thinking on the buyback and whether the deal pipeline or your view around the opportunity to acquire franchisees has changed at all? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So, with regards to the first question regarding France, I would say that you may recall that our assumption regarding the French market, there was a growth in the region starting from Q2 in the region of mid-teens. What I can tell you is that the overall trial activation trend is fully supporting this kind of assumption. We see this trend  definitely (00:24:01) supporting a sound mid-teens growth overall. Of course, the trend in returning customer is much higher. That is the average between the new and returning customer. So, let me say that I think that we were pretty, pretty accurate, at least for now, in our estimation of the market, which allow us to confirm what we have been sharing with you in terms of assumptions now for more than, I would say, one year. With regard to the US market improvement, we expect as well, actually the US to improve in the coming quarters for the reasons that I mentioned and in particular because we saw that January, February were little bit lower than March, and also in consideration of the factor that in January and February we had some rigid weather conditions, particularly in the south of the US. We expect also more favorable basis, comparison basis, as you may recall, in terms also of market growth Q1 of last year, was definitely much, the strongest quarter of last year. So, we do not expect the market to continue to perform so softly in the coming quarters. It's difficult now to estimate what will be the growth, but we estimated the market to come back into the positive territory. I would say that March was better than January, February, April is not really meaningful also in consideration of the fact that in April this year we have got Easter, whilst the last year Easter was in March. With regards then to the third question, the capital allocation of the buyback is not changing at all our appetite to acquisitions. Actually, as I mentioned also during my initial speech, we see also a quite favorable environment in terms of acquisition. So, with more target also approaching as with prices that are definitely very interesting for us. So, I would say that there is no change at all in our capital allocation strategy. Our priority remain the same, which is basically making the company growth and consolidate our leadership worldwide. Really appreciate the color. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from Julien Ouaddour, Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So, I have two... Good afternoon. Good afternoon. I have two. The first one is on the French reform. We recently heard about the President of  (00:27:24) who suggested in local newspaper to reduce the reimbursement from the 100% Santé reform, which includes hearing aids. So, just – do you have any view on that, could it impact your market scenario for 2025? And also, I know this is very early stage like hypothetical, et cetera, but if the proposition for extended reimbursement from four to five years is implemented next year, what will you – be your take for the potential market developments? So, that's the first one on the French reform. The second one is on EMEA region. Could you maybe elaborate on the cost control measures that you had in this region this quarter, given the impressive performance of increasing the EBITDA margin on the back of a very challenging base and without operating leverage? And should we expect this trend to continue and even accelerate as you will benefit from the operating leverage for the coming quarters? Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So, with regard to – I assume that you refer to an interview of  (00:28:26) on... Exactly  (00:28:29). ...on the topic of hearing  (00:28:31) in the France sector. And I don't think that it is anything new even or imminent. At the moment, there is no specific technical working group or specific ongoing discussion or process on reimbursement changes. The article was more an interview in which a representative of the  (00:28:58) raised the topic of savings, which is anyway not something new for the healthcare system. But for sure – I mean, there is nothing new and we do not expect any change during at least 2025. But also, we have made some simulations and even if something is going to change in terms of renewal timeframe from four to five years, what I can tell you is that since not everyone buy the hearing aids, at the same time, the impact is not really meaningful, is not something that can impact the market or our growth in a meaningful way. So, I would say this is not something that we envisage in the short-term, but also in any case it's not something that we think can have a meaningful impact on the growth of the market. With regard to the second question and for EMEA profitability, yes, of course, we are happy about how EMEA managed their costs. Of course, we have put in place a number of actions in order to improve, in particular the productivity. In the field, let me say that you may recall that last year EMEA was down in particular in the second part of the year in terms of profitability also because we have taken a conscious decision actually to build capacity, in particular in the French market. Today, I can say that I'm happy about that decision, because we see that the French market is growing and we are as expected definitely in a way that is in line with our assumptions. So, we are happy that today we have enough capacity. We have trained audiologist in order to be ready to capture this growth in France, which would not have been possible  (00:31:29), if last year we did not go for these kind of increase in capacity last year. Perfect. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. The next question is from Anchal Verma, JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hi. Good afternoon. Two questions from me, please. Firstly, can you provide any early commentary on what you're seeing in terms of the market in Q2? So, kind of across the geographies. And is it a fair assumption to expect sequential improvement in growth and margins from Q1 to Q2 across three geographies? And the second one is a bit more for housekeeping. Can you please share your assumptions on FX impact on sales and margins for FY 2025? And can – are you happy with the D&A guidance you provided us for FY 2025 at Q1? Okay. I will answer to the first two and then I will leave the question on Forex and D&A to Gabriele. So, with regard to our view on the market in Q2, of course, we expect better market in Q2. We expect a better market in the US. As I said before, I do not personally see that the US market can continue to be mid-to-single down. So, we expect a sequential improvement already starting from Q2 in the US, as well as we expect a sequential improvement also in Europe. These will be supported by the growth of the French market, that in the meantime has become the largest market in Europe. And therefore since, I mean, we see that the current, let's say, the current activation trend of the trials is supporting our assumptions in terms of market growth. Overall in the US and in Europe, we expect in Q2 a better, a better market, an acceleration, a progressive acceleration of the European market, which is something that goes hand-to-hand with our, let's say, assumptions for our growth in the different regions. Of course, we do not provide an outlook for the quarter or by region, but for sure in a context of the possible acceleration of the global market, we see also an acceleration in our performance. Then with regards to the other two questions, I would leave them to Gabriele. Thank you. In terms of impact of Forex on sale, of course, I mean, we saw a dollar, which is pretty, pretty volatile. We started with a very strong dollar versus euro at the beginning of January. Now during this day that we see the dollar at 1.13. So, not easy to give a precise number, let's say that in our estimate, assuming there are not particular, I mean, volatile scenario, the FX should bring negative minus 2% to plus percent compare in terms of sales growth. Of course, it is going to depend very much on the economic policies and on the status of the US and global trade. But let's say that minus 2% is what we broadly expect  (00:35:39). In terms of depreciation, which was your second question? Yeah, we believe the – I mean, the indication we gave, which was not the precise number, but an increase, which is slightly lower than the revenue growth. So to say that since last year it was something in the range of €302 million and this year a growth of 5 to 6 percentage point is an indication, which is correct. Today, the consensus, if I am correct, is around the €350 million. So, let's say that is something very much in line with our expectations. Perfect. That's clear. Thank you very much. Thank you. The next question is from Veronika Dubajova, Citi. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. I have... Sure. ...three, please. Hi, Enrico. Hi, Gabriele. First is on the US. Just thank you for your color on expecting a sequential improvement in the second quarter. There was a very big difference between minus 5 and the mid-single-digit growth that you'd normally expect the market to grow at. So, if I can just push you a little bit on your US Q2 expectation, do you think the market can be back to growth? Can it be back to mid-single-digit growth? What have you seen so far? I appreciate it's the 6th of May, but anything that you can talk that – tell us about that, that would be helpful. My second is on the margin improvement in EMEA, where obviously in spite of declining revenues, you delivered 40 basis points of margin improvement year-on-year, good achievement. Is there any risk here that we are cutting back in resources ahead of market improvement? Can you maybe help us understand, is there a link between the margins coming up and the revenue growth slowing down or anything else there that you're doing? And then my first one is on the M&A activity and your comments Enrico that you're seeing more folks being willing to talk to you. I noticed that the guidance did not have the usual statement around expected M&A contribution. Should we be reading that as a sign that there is maybe more deals to come and that potentially there will be greater than 200 basis points contribution from acquisitions this year? Thank you, guys. Thank you, Veronika. So, with regards to the US, this is a very difficult question. As I said, personally, I don't believe that the US market will continue to post such a negative performance like the one in Q1. Also in consideration of the elements that I mentioned before, first of all, the fact that we saw the market in particular low, in particular in January and February. We think that some rigid weather conditions had an impact in that, which of course, will not happen any more in the coming quarters. Also, I would say that also in terms of market growth, Q1 was by far the quarter with the highest comparison base. You may recall that last year the market grew by 10% double-digit. Then, of course, normalized to a more 5% or 6%. So, coming back to your question, I expect definitely the market not to continue to perform like in Q1. I expect the market to come back to positive territory, then to say how much is very difficult at this moment. And therefore, I would refrain from any kind of forecast, because, of course, there is quite some volatility. On the other hand, what perhaps last year was a negative for us, our exposure to the US market. This year, we see more favorable geographical mix, because the US, although it has grown a lot in the recent years, now accounts for about 15% mid-teens in our share of sales. With regards then to the second question, for the margin of EMEA, I think that, of course, the EMEA region started to work on several initiatives in order to protect and improve the profitability. As I say, the last year, EMEA region declined in terms of profitability, in particular in the second half. I mentioned many times that France was one of the main reasons for this decline in profitability, because we were building capacity in terms of audiologist in order to be ready to capture the growth of this year. I must say that today I am happy that we have taken that decision, because now we have everything in place in order to capture in full the growth that we see coming in the French market. With regards to our forecast for M&A. For now, I will stick with our guidance that we shared with you just a couple of months ago. It is also true that M&A, it depends a lot from the kind of opportunities that will arise. It is also true that such complex, let's say, environment in terms of market growth lead also to the fact that we see more target becoming available for – to sell at multiples that I see as a pretty favorable to us. So, it will depend a lot from the opportunities that will occur during that year. Next, please. Next question? The next question is from Hugo Solvet, BNP Paribas Exane. Please go ahead. Hi. Hello. Thanks for taking my questions. I have three, please. First, on recent product launches, I think you mentioned Enrico that you've benefited from recent product launches. Do you see this helping you to achieve significantly higher price mix and/or does that compare to your expectations of price mix earlier this year? And second part of that question would be, would you expect more projects to be launched possibly later this year? Second on  (00:43:36), I think you have a pilot program ongoing with another company. Could you help us understand what the initial feedback from that pilot program is? And lastly, in the US, have you seen any evidence of pre-buying, given the general lack of awareness heading into the tariffs or on the exemption protocols, which would have supported volumes in March? Thank you. Very, very clear. Thank you so much for your questions. So, with regards to the pipeline of new product launch. Of course, as you know very well, there is – I mean, every manufacturer, many manufacturers are planning actually to launch new, new platforms in particular with artificial intelligence capabilities. These, of course, will help us to tell a new story to our customers. And therefore, definitely, we see the opportunity to improve our sales, to improve our mix. And, we strongly believe that with our retail based model, we are ideally positioned to benefit from the various product launches, which are ongoing and are going to happen in 2025. With regards to, I guess that you refer with to our pilot or with EssilorLuxottica, we are going ahead there in line with our plan. I think that I have already shared that with you that we are working with them for a pilot in the US, which will starting from Q2. This is definitely confirmed. So, absolutely in line with what we shared with you also during the last first quarter. With regards to the last question and therefore tariffs. Well, first of all, let me say that we have got, we can leverage on a very diversified sourcing, having supply agreements with all the five manufacturers. You know also very well, that all the manufacturers are also working in order to implement flexible global supply chain strategy, to diversify their production and mitigate risks. So, I am not particularly concerned about tariffs also because in the past hearing aids were exempted from duties due to the famous, now famous Nairobi protocol. And so, we do not expect anything on these regard in the coming months. Next, please. We kindly ask you to limit yourself to two questions only. The next question is from Robert Davies, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Yeah. Thanks for my questions. One was just thinking about the European EMEA margin seasonality through the year. You obviously kind of called out the weakness in second half of last year. But I guess, as you look forward over 2025, would you expect the sort of normal seasonal pattern in margins, i.e., better in 2Q, down in 3Q and up again in 4Q? That was my first question. And then just more broadly, just thinking about some of the impacts on the business from consumer confidence, I know you called it out, I think on your APAC slide, I think you called out strength in Australia, weakness in New Zealand. And I realize there's lots of sort of different markets and moving parts, but how would you characterize kind of current market sentiment from a consumer standpoint? Are you actually seeing people hold off, take longer to buy downtrading on certain products at all? Just be curious there any color you've got on that? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So, with regards to the first question. So, clearly, yes, we expect the EMEA region actually to contribute positively to the overall margin improvement that we expect for the group. This also on the basis of the fact that we see an acceleration in terms of growth in the EMEA region, supported also by the strong growth in the French market, so that we expect a better operating leverage in the EMEA region in the coming quarters and for the year. With regards then to your more broad question about the consumer confidence, I think that, of course, there is an impact from the ongoing complex environment that we see at the global level. But I would say that we operate in a quite resilient industry, in a very resilient market, so we can't really complain. Also, in terms of downtrading, your question about that. No, we do not see this kind of trend. Actually, as you know, also through the launches of new product platforms that I mentioned before, we always aim to have a positive price mix effect on our sales. Thank you. That's great. Thank you. The next question is from Domenico Ghilotti, Equita. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. My first question is...   (00:50:12). ...on Europe. Once again, in particular, I am trying to understand what first of all, if you see – apart from France, if you see also some improvements underlying in the other key markets, I'm talking about Spain, Italy and Germany. And second question is, if you can elaborate a little bit also on the APAC region where we have seen some diverging trajectories there, in particular, you have been talking about the negative trend in China. If I'm not wrong, in the past few quarters, you were mentioning more stable situation. So, if you see deterioration in the market. So, with regards to the European market, definitely we see a German market, which is performing in a positive way. It is a good news, I would say, because you may recall at the beginning of last year, actually, also the German market was in a negative territory then it improved progressively throughout the year. And this is confirmed, I would say that this is definitely a good news. Now today, we see that there is also some uncertainty related to the election of the counselor. But I would say that, I mean, we see the German market to perform in a positive way. Please also remember regarding also to the second part of your question, please also remember the fact that last year, the first quarter was by far the strongest quarter of the year also in terms of market growth in Europe, also in Italy, in Spain, et cetera, et cetera. So, the comparison base actually it was definitely more challenging in the first quarter than it will be in the second part of the year. So, we expect – Italy, Spain were more muted, I would say in Q1. But we expect gradual normalization going forward. With regards to the second question actually about China, what we said in the past is that we were performing very well in terms of organic growth with the positive organic growth in a market that was not positive. And I think that this is something that has continued also in Q1 in terms of market growth, which had not been positive in Q1. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from Susannah Ludwig, Bernstein. Please go ahead. Great. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. I have two, please. I guess, European growth, even ex-France has been softer for the past couple of years, which you alluded to. Maybe if you could just talk about sort of what the drivers of this has been and what gives you confidence that there could be pent-up demand rather than there being some kind of structural shift in European growth. And then second, just following up on Asia Pacific, maybe if you could sort of talk to your expectations for the rest of the year. Do you also expect an improvement in the region as you do in Europe and the US? Yeah. So with regards to the European growth in the past years, I would say that the growth was definitely lower than in comparison with historical levels. I think that the macroenvironment had an impact in terms of consumer sentiment. This might be the main reason why the European market has not grown in the last couple of years as in the past. But yes, there may be – there's been some delay in terms of purchase decision for customers for these reasons. But as I said also earlier on, we believe also that there is some pent-up demand, which has been building in the recent years, which is not going to disappear and that will be released in the future. Now, it's very difficult to say when, but as we have seen also in other cases, like during the COVID, et cetera, et cetera. This kind of pent-up demand will be most probably released when conditions will improve. With regards to the second question and therefore APAC, yes, we also expect a progressive acceleration both in terms of market and also our performance. Going forward also in consideration of the fact that you may recall that last year, the first quarter was by far, the strongest of the year. I think that the last year we posted plus 9% organic growth in Q4. The market definitely was very strong. So, we should see also in the coming quarters, more favorable comparison base. Great. Thank you. Thank you. And the last question is from Niccolò Storer, Kepler Cheuvreux. Please go ahead. Hi. Good afternoon. Hi. Thanks for taking my two questions. The first one is a clarification on sales and expected growth. Last time, you were talking about 10% growth for the market, now it's mid-teens, it was the 10%  (00:56:32) to the full year with a slow start and then full year.   (00:56:37). Okay. Okay, perfect. And the second one is on your growth in the Americas, in order to appreciate your outperformance to the mid-single-digit decline of the US market. Can you tell us which was specifically the organic growth for the US alone? Thank you. Well, let's say, we do not provide the organic growth by market, but definitely what I can tell you is that in the US, we continue to perform well above the growth of the market. This kind of overperformance was mainly led by our network of direct retail. So, it was our network of directly operated clinics that posted the growth in the US well above the underlying growth of the market. Thank you. Gracias. That's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. This concludes our call. So, thank you for your interest and attendance. And I ask Judith to kindly disconnect. Thank you all. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining. The conference is now over and you may disconnect your telephones. 
            