
            Management Discussion: Good afternoon. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome and thank you for joining the Amplifon Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Francesca Rambaudi, Investor Relations & Sustainability Senior Director of Amplifon. Please go ahead, madam. Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Amplifon conference call on fourth quarter and full year 2024 results. Before we start, few logistic comments. Earlier today we issued a press release related to our results and this presentation is posted on our website in the Investors section. The call can be accessed also via webcast and dial-in details are on Amplifon's website as well as on the press release. I have to bring your attention to the disclaimer on slide 2, as some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. With that, I am now pleased to turn the call over to Amplifon CEO, Enrico Vita. Thank you, Francesca. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for joining us. So, let's begin with some comments on the year that just ended, which was more complex than we initially thought, especially and once again because of the development of the European market. In fact, while we saw the US market continuing to grow strongly and in line with our expectations at circa 6%, Europe, our core geography, was definitely weaker than we initially expected, mainly because of the negative performance of France. Q4 also was below expectations, we again estimated only flattish, slightly positive demand, not only for France, which was again a negative, but also for the Spanish market, which contracted sharply in November, hence in the quarter, due to the Dana storm. Unfortunately, it had been three years now that the European market has remained muted after the strong growth seen in 2021. And it is also in light of this and the anticipated growth of the French market that we expect a better 2025, but I will come back to this at the end of the presentation. In this overall context, also in 2024 we grew strongly around 7% at constant exchange rates, and I see this as an achievement considering our geographical mix, which is, as you know, still more skewed towards Europe, even if the US grew exceptionally well in 2024. And in this regard, I would like to highlight another important achievement of last year. The United States has finally become our largest market. Regarding profitability, we had some dilution making 2024 a year of significant investment to prepare us in the best way possible ahead of 2025 and beyond. I'll refer to the investment in audiologist capacity in France during the second half of the year, ahead of the RAC 0 reform anniversary, as well as the significant investment for the launch of the new TV campaign in Italy and Spain in Q4, which already had positive effect on all our brand KPIs. Additionally, as you know, we are building scale in strategic markets such as the US and China. This has a dilutive effect on margin in the short term, but we are confident it will return higher profitability in the medium and long term. In fact, in China, as anticipated, we now can count on more than 500 stores and we are also running fast in our direct store network in the US where we now have around 400 stores. All in all, we are proceeding at full speed following our strategic priorities. And I'm optimistic that all these initiatives will yield medium and long term benefits. Finally, we propose a €0.29 dividend, maintaining last year's level. With this, I now leave the floor to Gabriele, who will give you more details about our performance. Please, Gabriele. Thanks, Enrico, and good afternoon, everybody. Moving to slide number 4, we have a look at our financial performance in full year 2024. Revenues, as already commented by Enrico, reached another record level of €2.41 billion, up 7% at constant FX versus 2023, driven by a strong and above-market organic growth at 3.4% in a two-speed market environment with Europe softer than expected and US growing very healthily over a challenging comparison base of 8% organic growth in 2023 versus 2022. M&A contribution was a remarkable 3.6%, thanks to the acquisition of around 400 points of sales, mainly in our core markets, France, Germany, the US, and China. The FX impact was slightly negative for 0.4%, easing at the end, compared to the first nine months of the year due to the annualization of the Argentine peso sharp devaluation back in December 2023. EBITDA recurring amounted to €568 million, up 4.8% versus full year 2023, with margin at 23.6% compared to 24% in full year 2023, due to the lower operating leverage in EMEA attributable to market softness, the dilution effect of the Miracle-Ear direct retail network accelerated growth in the United States, as well as the strong investments we sustained during the year ahead of 2025. Moving to slide number 5, we have a look at the group financial performance in Q4, which posted a revenue growth of 8% at current exchange rates and 4.5% at constant exchange rates. The organic performance was slightly below 1%, reflecting the following three main effects. First, the annualization of this strong devaluation of the peso carried out by the Argentinian government in December 2023, which inverted the negative impact on the exchange rate effect in the first nine month to positive, and the positive impact on revenue at constant FX and consequently on organic growth in the first nine months to negative. Second, the softer-than-expected European market. Third, the extremely challenging comparison base with organic growth in the fourth quarter of 2023 as a record 9%. The bolt-on M&A acceleration contributed for 3.7% to the top line growth. FX was positive for 3.5%, primarily due to the annualization of the strong devaluation of the Argentine peso. More in detail, Argentina affected by hyperinflation, the group needs to apply the inflation accounting principle, adjusting local financial statements with the price index and then translate in the adjusted local financial statements into euro at December 31 exchange rate versus the usually applied average FX for the period. The sharp devaluation executed in December 2023 is now annualized. So, the effect for the full year is offset but it's pretty evident in Q4 when the FX effect is particularly positive, given that the last quarter of the year is calculated as the difference between the full year when the FX effect is slightly negative in the first nine months of the year when the FX was strongly negative. As a consequence, in Q4, reported sales accelerated with the FX effect reversing to positive with negative impact on sales at constant FX, and consequently a negative impact on organic growth as well. EBITDA recurring came in at asset around €155 million, in line with 2023, with margin at 23.4% compared to 25.3% in the previous year, primarily due to the lower operating leverage in EMEA attributable to a softer-than-expected European market, a significant marketing investment in Italy and Spain for the launch of the new advertising campaign and the strengthening of the audiologist capacity in France to prepare for 2025 expected market growth related to RAC 0 anniversary, as well as to the dilution effect due to the Miracle-Ear direct retail network accelerated growth with integration of the 100 point of sales during the year. Moving to slide 6, we have a look at EMEA performance. Revenue growth at constant FX was around 3% versus Q4 2023, with organic performance reflecting the flattish and softer-than-expected market environment, especially in France, the largest market in the region, as well as a very softer market performance in Spain in November due to the strong Dana floods in November, which also severely compromised operations in more than 50 of our stores. M&A contribution in France and Germany was 2.4%. EBITDA amounted to €108 million, with margin at 25.1% versus 28.4% in Q4 last year, primarily due to the lower operating leverage in a softer-than-expected market, the significant marketing investment in Italy and Spain for the launch of the new ADV campaign, and the strengthening of the audiologist capacity in France to prepare for 2025 expected market growth. In the full year, revenue growth at constant FX was 3%, with a positive organic growth in a flattish market environment, and M&A contribution was up 2.1%. EBITDA amounted to €417 million with margin at 27.2% versus 28.2% last year for the reasons just mentioned. Moving to slide number 7, we have a look at the excellent performance of Americas. The organic performance in Q4 was the plus 1.7%, reflecting the extremely challenging comparison base with Q4 last year having an organic growth of 26% versus Q4 2022, and above all, the already mentioned annualization of the strong devaluation of the peso in December 2023, which inverted the negative impact on the exchange rate effect seen in the first nine months of the year to positive, with a negative effect on the organic performance. It's worth noticing that the United States recorded a well above market double-digit organic growth also in the fourth quarter, thanks to the performance of both Miracle-Ear direct retail, which today has a network of 400 points of sale, and Amplifon Hearing Health Care. FX impact was positive for 19.5% due to the exceptional and already commented Argentine peso devaluation in December 2023. The significant M&A contribution related to the US, Canada, and the Uruguay was 9.7%. EBITDA came in at €38.6 million, with margin at 27.4%, compared to 28.8% last year, due to the dilution effect of the Miracle-Ear direct retail network accelerated growth and the integration of the 100 points of sales acquired during the year. In the full year, revenues were up around 20% at constant FX, despite this 2023 very strong comparison base with a 10.6% organic component. EBITDA amounted to around €130 million, up 12.7% versus 2023, with margin at 25.5% compared to 26.8% in 2023. Moving to slide number 8, we have a look at Asia-Pac. Revenues were up over 5%, mainly driven by a solid and above-market organic growth up 2.3% versus a remarkable comparison base of around 12% organic growth in Q4 2023 versus Q4 2022. Despite a very tough macro environment, also China posted a solid organic growth in the quarter. M&A contribution was 2.6% related to China sanction, which led our network today to over 500 points of sale. FX was a slight tailwind of 0.3% reversing compared to the first nine months of the year. EBITDA was €23.8 million, with margin at 25.3% compared to 26.2% in Q4 last year, due to the fast growth of China where we acquired around 110 points of sale during the year. In the full year, revenue were up 8.4% at constant FX driven by strong organic growth of 5% and M&A of 3.4%. EBITDA amounted to almost €97 million, up 7.8% versus 2023, with the margin stable at 26.1%. Moving to slide number 9, we see the profit and loss evolution. Total revenues increased by 6.6% at current FX and 7% at constant FX to €2.41 billion. Recurring EBITDA increased by 4.8% to €568 million, with margin at 23.6% versus 24% last year, reflecting the softer-than-expected market in Europe, the strong investments, and the accelerated M&A. D&A, included PPA, increased by around €35 million, leading the recurring EBIT to €265 million versus €274 million last year. Net financial expenses accounted for €60 million, primarily due to the higher net financial debt, including higher lease liabilities, following the strong M&A activity and related network expansion, coupled with the refinancing of expiring loans mainly subscribed in 2020 at current market condition, leading profit before tax to €205 million versus around €225 million last year. Tax rate ended at 25.9%, with an improvement of 30 basis point versus 2023, and leading the recurring net profit to around €152 million versus around €166 million last year. Net profit, as reported, was €145 million versus €155 million recorded in 2023. Moving to slide 10, we appreciate the Q4 profit and loss. In the quarter, total revenue increased by 8% at current FX to €665 million (sic) [€664 million] (00:18:56) and up 4.5% at constant FX in light of the abovementioned reversal of the Argentine peso. EBITDA recurring came in at €155 million in line with 2023, with margin at 23.4%, around 190 bps below Q4 last year. D&A, including PPA, grew by €8 million last year, in light of the significant M&A acceleration and the strong investment in network, IT infrastructure and innovation, leading the recurring EBIT to €73 million versus €81 million Q4 2023. Net financial expenses amounted to €16 million versus €13 million in Q4 last year, in light of the previously mentioned reasons. Tax rate ended at 21.5% versus 22.8% in Q4 last year, leading recurring net profit at €44.4 million versus €53 million last year. Moving to slide number 10 (sic) [11] (00:20:09), we appreciate the cash flow evolution. The operating cash flow after repayment of lease liabilities posted a very strong increase in the year, ending at €321 million versus €300 million in 2023, despite higher lease liabilities of around €13 million for the strong network expansion and higher financial expenses for the accelerated M&A activity. Net CapEx increased by €5 million versus prior year at €145 million, leading free cash flow to €176 million versus €160 million in 2023, a remarkable 10% increase versus last year. Net cash-out for M&A was €193 million, around 80% higher than 2023, following the significant acceleration of bolt-on M&A with around 400 shops acquired in 2024, primarily in France, Germany, US and China. NFP ended at around €960 million, posting around the €110 million increase versus December 2023, after a very strong investment for around €430 million in CapEx, M&A, dividends, and share buyback. Moving to slide 11 (sic) [12] (00:21:50), we have a look at the debt profile trend and the key financial ratios. As mentioned, the net financial debt closed at around €960 million, with liquidity and short-term debt accounting for around €290 million, respectively, and medium/long-term debt accounting for around €960 million. In October and December, we announced three new sustainability-linked credit facilities for a total amount of €325 million. These credit lines linked to specific target of our Sustainability Plan, allow us to further optimize our financial structure, diversifying our sources of funding and extending the average debt maturity. Following the IFRS 16 application, lease liability amounted to around €515 million, leading the sum of the net financial debt and lease liabilities to around €1.48 billion. Equity ended up at around €1.15 billion. Looking at financial ratios, net debt over EBITDA ended at 1.63 times, slightly increasing versus 1.5x at December last year after the strong investments in CapEx, M&A, dividend, and share buyback. Net debt over equity ended at 0.84 times. I will now hand over to Enrico. Thank you, Gabriele. Now let's discuss our further significant step-up in our sustainability journey. First, in 2024, we strongly accelerated our environmental responsibility. We reduced our GHG emissions, in particular, Scope 3, increased the share of renewable energy from 74% to 80%, and launched a new reusable packaging for all the Amplifon branded products, primarily made of recycled materials. Second, we continued delivering on the social fronts. First of all, helping more and more people to rediscover the emotions of sound by offering free hearing tests and delivering around €200 million in savings to customers. We also provided almost 600,000 hours of training to our employees and maintained a 47% women representation in managerial roles. We were recognized as Top Employer for the fifth consecutive year. In addition, this year we rolled out the EcoVadis platform, enabling us to conduct ESG assessments on both direct and indirect suppliers and signed three new ESG-linked credit lines for over €300 million. Finally, this score B obtained in the CDP questionnaire, as well as the recognition for the fourth year in a row as an Standard & Poor's Yearbook Member, a testament of our increasing transparency and focus on environmental and sustainability topics. Hence, we look forward with really excitement to our a journey toward an even more sustainable company. Let's now move to the following chart, the chart of the outlook, which is the last chart of today's presentation, and where you can find our key comment regarding 2025. Firstly, after a softer 2024, we are positive about the European market coming back to solid growth. First of all, because of the anticipated growth of the French market, but also because it has been growing well below its historical levels for three years in a row now. Then, we also expect the US market to continue to grow healthily despite a pretty challenging comparison base. Hence, we see a more balanced global market growing next year by around 4%. Considering these market developments, we aim to achieve a mid- to high-single digit growth at constant exchange rate, which means growth between 5% to 9% at current exchange rate, driven by organic growth above the market and our M&A bolt-ons at circa 2%. We expect the revenue growth to accelerate, particularly after Q1, driven by the anticipated recovery of the French market from Q2 onwards and because of the exceptionally strong Q1 last year, which also add circa 1.5 days more working days than Q1 this year. Finally, we aim to grow our profitability beyond the 24%, driven by a more supportive market environment. And in particular, we see improved operating leverage in the EMEA region, which will contribute positively to our overall performance. With this, we thank you for your attention and we look forward to taking your questions. Francesca, over to you. Thank you. I will kindly ask the operator to open up for Q&A session. I ask kindly to limit your questions to maximum two initially in order to give everybody the opportunity to ask questions. Now, I turn the call over to Judith in order to open now for Q&A. Thanks. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. We will now begin the question and answer session.  The first question is from Hassan Al-Wakeel, Barclays. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Hello. I have two, please. So firstly, on growth, given your mid-single to high-single digit guide, and at least 2% coming from M&A, how should we think about the composition of mid-single digit organic growth across geographies? And what about the risk that M&A growth is actually higher than 2% given 3.6% contribution from M&A in 2024? And secondly, on margins, can you talk a bit about the key drivers of the 40-basis-point margin expansion target for 2025? Given the softer European performance and what that did to the margin in 2024, how are you thinking about the risk that this doesn't come through in 2025? And I guess what other than this is giving you the confidence in margin expansion for 2025. Thank you. Sure. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So with regards – about the first question and about how we built our guidance. So, we are guiding in terms of revenue growth at constant exchange rate mid- to high-single digit, which means between 5% and 9%. Then, if you just take the middle of this range, we are in the region of about 7%. And basically we have built this kind of range in consideration of our estimation for the market growth at global level in the region of 4%. And as you know, we always aim to grow faster than the market, I would say something in the region of 1%. And then we have also added a couple of points in order to reflect our normal contribution coming from M&A. What I mean is that we have said many times actually that 2024 was an exceptional year in terms of M&A activity. We have invested about €200 million in 2024, which is exactly the double of our, let me say, recent historical level. So for the time being, of course M&A is something that you can't predict in detail. But – I mean, we are planning at the moment to come back to our historical level of investments for bolt-on M&As in the region of €100 million. And therefore, we have estimated consequently the contribution coming from M&A in the region of 2%. With regards to the expected growth by region, of course, I can't really give you details for each region but what I can tell you is that, we see a more balanced growth than in 2024 simply because we see a better European market in 2025 than in 2024, whilst in the US we need to take into consideration the fact that the US market in the last two years has grown extremely faster. As far as I remember, in 2023, the US market grew double digit, around 10%, last year grew something above 6%. So that we cannot say that the US market will continue to grow so fast forever. So, we estimate a growth of the US market in the mid-single digit – mid-digit – single mid digit range. So, we see a more balanced growth in terms of market and therefore in terms of our performance across the three different regions. Then with regards to the second part of your question, and therefore margins, well, the main contributor to the margin improvement of next year, we think will be the EMEA region. Also in consideration of the fact that we see a better operating leverage coming from the fact that we estimate a more favorable market in 2025. That's very helpful, Enrico. If I could just follow up, how is Q1 trending in line with that guidance, please? No, we refrained recently actually to give you indication about the trend of the current quarter. And this is also particularly true for Q1, because Q1 is by far the smallest quarter of the year and also January is by far the smallest month of the year. So the result of Q1 will be basically related to the result, let me say – let me simplify to the result of March, which has just started. March, I think, accounts for something like 40% of the total quarter. So, I prefer not to give you this kind of indication. However, while we are not providing this, I mean, indication in terms of revenue growth for January and February, what I can tell you is that as I said also during the presentation, the French market is anticipated to gain momentum from Q2 onwards. And this is, as you know, the key driver for the European market to return to solid growth. I would like also – as we put also in our chart that Q1 2024, as you may remember, was by far the best quarter of last year, both in terms of top line with a growth of circa 9% last year, but also in terms of profitability, we posted a record increase of EBITDA margin by more than 100 basis points. And also we needed to take into consideration that Q1 this year, unfortunately, as on average something in the region of 1.5 trading day less than Q1 2024. Saying that, as I said, I think that – I mean, we are positive about the European market to going back to solid growth in particular, I mean, starting from Q2 onwards. Perfect. Thank you. The next question is from Niccolò Storer, Kepler. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my two questions. The first one, again, on your guidance, I was trying to figure out which assumptions on France are, let's say, included in your mid- to high-single digit organic growth. Should we stick to your previous views of double-digit growth for France, so 10%, 15%, or 20%? Or maybe you have moderated a bit your stance? And maybe related to that, if you can tell us if you have these numbers in mind, how much of the extra sales from 2021. So, from the start of the reform, where sales were basically people didn't have to pay for the hearing aids, and how much were on the other end sales where people had to top up, let's say? My second question is on distribution of EssilorLuxottica Nuance Audio, the product now has been launched in the US, in Italy, and apparently, some of your competitors are already distributing it. So the fact that we haven't heard anything from you means that you are out of this game or that decisions still have to be taken. Thank you. So with regards to France, no, our view about the growth of the French market has not changed. We said that we were expecting a growth this year of the French market in the region of 10%, and we are still there. What I mean is that we do not see any reason why we should change our view about the growth of the French market. Then, of course, as we always say that we are in this kind of estimation, there are a number of different assumptions and there is a lot of modeling, then to say if it will be 9% or 11%, it is very difficult to say at this stage, we needed to see, I think, in the next couple of quarters if our assumptions are correct or not. With regards to the split between zero payout, top-up, et cetera, we cannot give you this kind of information. With regards to the second part of the question and therefore Nuance Audio, we are working with EssilorLuxottica on a pilot in the US. As you know, we are always open to evaluating any opportunities that could benefit our patients. So we are working on these with them at the moment. I can't really comment about competitors, et cetera, et cetera. Thank you. The next question is from Anchal Verma, JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hi. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. I have two, please. Firstly, one, trying to extrapolate the bridge from EBITDA to EPS. Could you please help provide some guidance on below the EBITDA level figures, specifically for D&A, interest, and tax? Any color would be helpful. And then, the second one is just a follow-up on France. What have you seen through January and February in terms of lead generations and renewal volumes that give you confidence in your 10%-plus market growth, especially as your peers have been a bit more conservative on that front? Thanks. Now, I will start with the second question and then I will leave the word to Gabriele for the first one. No, actually, for the time being, as I said also earlier on, we are not changing our view on the French market. Actually, we believe that the growth of the French market will represent an important driver for the growth of the entire EMEA market. And therefore, we see – we confirm our view of the growth of the French market next year in the region of about – this year actually, in the region of about 10%. As I said, at the moment, we do not see anything that should tell us that our view should be changed. So this kind of assumption is still valid at the moment. Of course, we will see the ramp-up of the growth starting from April, May, June. So after, let's say, the second quarter, I think that we will have more elements to confirm to improve or to review our estimation for the growth of the French market. Saying that, I would leave the first question to Gabriele. Yeah. So, just clarifying, you want to comment on the 2024 or expectation on 2025? 2025, I suppose. For 2025, please? Any color? Okay. Clear. Yeah. Very clear. So starting from D&A, in 2024 we reached €302 million. Moving forward, I mean, we expect some increase – less than proportional to the increase in terms of sales but some increase because I mean we are going on investing, opening stores, and making M&A. So for next year in the higher level compared to this year, but less than the growth of the revenue, so some lower contribution in percentage terms. Moving to financial expenses, this year we reached €60 million. Next year there would be several effects. So, on the one side we will need to renegotiate some of  (00:43:39) lines with current interest rate. On the other side, on the short term debt, we can also benefit of some reduction compared to what we paid back in 2024. There will be also some increase in component due to the expansion of our network of shops in application of IFRS 16. All in all, we expect a slight increase  (00:44:07) compared to the €60 million this year. Tax rate, we are very much stable around 26%, decreasing 5, 10, 20 basis points per year. So, I then – I do not expect any major change, maybe some slight improvement. Perfect. Thanks. I just have one quick follow-up on France. Where are you on the investments needed for building out the capacity? Is that all done now or can we expect incremental more investments through 2025 in terms of audiology capacity? No, no, we are already done. What I mean is that if I had to look up on to the development of the French market of last year, we had to make our capacity more efficient. We didn't do that in preparation of 2025, it's the decision that we have taken quite consciously. So, for now, we are absolutely fine. We are ready and we are confident that these will allow us to exploit in the best way possible what will be the growth of the French market this year and also in part the next year? Thank you. The next question is from Hugo Solvet, BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Hi, hello. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two, please. First, on the guidance, the margin guidance for 40 bps margin expansion, which will primarily come from EMEA. Just a quick clarification. Would you expect most, if not all, of the margin expansion to come from France, or would you also expect margin expansion in other European countries? That would be the first question. And second, in terms of the phasing of the renewals in France. Would you expect the bulk of it to be done in 12 months, so from Q2 2025 to Q2 2026, or would you expect them to be spread over a longer period of time and possibly support 2026 onward? Thank you. Thank you for your questions. No, with regard to margin expansion, for sure, we expect the contribution from France, but also we are aiming to have a better profitability in many other markets actually, also because – I mean, we had several markets which have performed in recent years below their historical levels, so we expect actually to gain some operating leverage also in other markets like Spain and Germany, et cetera, et cetera. So, it will not come only from France. With regard to the renewals, of course, there will be a curve. It will not just be  (00:47:23) in terms of growth of the French market. So, we think that there will be a positive effect on the growth of the market starting from Q2 this year, and will continue also in the first part of next year. To tell you in which quarter exactly will this, let's say, end in 2026, honestly, it's very difficult, and I can't really say a precise date, but definitely there will be some carryover effect also in 2026. Next, operator, please. The next question is from Giang Nguyen with Citi. Please go ahead. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I also have two, please. The first one is back to the point on M&A. I understand you – in your answer, I think you said that the contribution will be balanced. But I just wanted to understand, when you think of Americas in particular after having done quite a lot of acquisitions in 2024, do you expect M&A in Americas to stay within the group guidance range of 200 basis point, and out of your franchisee network, how far along are you in terms of acquiring them into your direct retail network? So that's my question number one. And then on question number two. I just wanted to understand, when it comes to the floods in Spain in November, with more than 50 shops compromised, have they all reopened normally now that we are at the beginning of Q1? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. So starting from this second question, I must say that Q4 last year for Spain was pretty negative, and not only because of the direct impact on the 50 stores, which were affected directly by the storm. But as you may recall, I mean, there were also alerts in that period in Barcelona area et cetera, et cetera. Q4 market in general terms, and I think mainly because of this reason actually Spain last year was pretty negative. And this is of course something that we were not expecting at all. Now for sure I mean, and we were able actually to restore the operations in our store network in Spain pretty soon. But I would like to underline that it was not just the matter of 50 stores but we saw a significant slowdown in the market demand in Spain during all November. With regards  (00:50:43) our outlook for what – regards M&A, we estimate 2% at group level, for sure, which means basically to come back to our historical level of M&A bolt-on. At the moment we are not planning the same kind of acceleration that we had in 2024. Of course, M&A also is something that we must evaluate always in an opportunistic way, which means that, of course, if any interesting opportunity will arise, we will be there. But the plan is to go back to our average of activity in terms of bolt-on M&A. With regards to the US, for sure, the US will continue to be our priority also in terms of M&A. But I must also say that the 2024 was particularly strong and active year also for the US itself. Thank you. If I could just very quickly follow up on the point in Spain, are you expecting there to be any sort of pent-up demand as a result of the flood in November? Very, very difficult to say this. Usually, I mean, the demand has never disappeared. But now to say if it will come back or not and when, it's almost impossible, I would say. Understood. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from Domenico Ghilotti, Equita. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. My first question is on any kind of evidence for traction on appointments of traffic in the store, well, in France, but also in the markets where you launch also the advertising campaign in Q4. So, the extra investments that you did in Spain and Italy in particular. The second question is a follow-up on the M&A. I'm trying to understand how is the pipeline today compared to one year ago. I would have expected maybe the market would have been more supportive for M&A transaction in general. And so I wonder if the 2% is just, let's say, an assumption in business plan, but I would be interested in your pipeline. Thank you. Thank you, Domenico. So with regards to the first question. So, actually I would say that this first part of the year, so January, February, we have not seen yet the kind of, I mean, growth related, and I wanted to be very specific on that the kind of growth related to the renewal coming from 2021 related to the RAC 0 reform yet. But, this actually could have not been possible because as you may recall actually we started to see in 2021 the first – also given the length of the funnel, et cetera, et cetera, the first update in 2021 starting from March 2021. So, for sure – I mean we were not expecting to see anything related to that specific element in January, February this year. As I say, I think that we will have more precise elements in – during Q2, and I would say after Q2. With regards to our advertising campaigns in Spain and Italy, we are, I must say, very active. It has been received very, very well from consumers. I must say that we track also all our branded KPIs and their campaign had very strongly impact on our brands' KPI. So we are very confident that these will definitely deliver and pay dividends going forward. With regard to M&A, you are right, I mean, actually, we should see a more supportive environment at the moment, as I say our assumption is to go back to the historical level but again in this case, I mean, M&A is more on an opportunistic activity. So, if there will be interesting targets, definitely we will be there as always. Okay. Thank you. Can you just remind me how much was the investment – the extra investment in marketing that you were flagging in Q4, in EMEA, broadly speaking? Let me say that in general, in Q4, our marketing investments were – you may recall that in the past, we were – we said that our marketing investments were growing more or less in line with revenues – slightly below revenues. Instead in Q4, actually, what I can tell you is that our marketing investment grew a bit faster than our revenues because of the launch of the campaign. At global level – group level? Yeah. Okay. Thanks. The next question is from... And next... Excuse me? No, yes, if we can move to the next question in order to have...   (00:57:07) Okay. The next question is from Niels Leth, Carnegie. Please go ahead. Thank you for taking my question. First question is about your Amplifon Hearing Health Care business, your managed care business in the US that you called out as a growth driver for quarter four. Could you talk about your expectations for this business going into the next year or couple of years, if this remains a business that would grow beyond the overall market? And then, secondly, you mentioned that you will pilot the EssilorLuxottica products in the US. So, would you expect those products to be complementary or supplementary to your conventional hearing aid sales? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the questions. So with regards to the first one, managed care and Amplifon Hearing Health Care, so over the last two years, you know that the managed care segment as a market grew at a faster rate compared to the private market basically for two reasons. One is that there has been an increasing penetration of needing the benefits within the Medicare Advantage formularies, which is now above 85%, 90%. So we do not expect this effect going forward anymore. And also, Medicare Advantage enrollment increased over the last three years from, I think, 20 million in 2018 to 30-plus million in 2024. So in this case, we do not expect significant growth going forward. So while we remain positive on this market segment, which is strategic, of course, for us, we do not expect this segment growing as fast as in the past years, probably will grow slower – at a slower rate than in the past for the comments that we just discussed. With regards to the second question, absolutely, I mean, we see eventually as the opportunity to sell the EssilorLuxottica products in our stores, as an opportunity to complement our offering, so something which would complement our core business at the moment. And would you expect your retail price to mirror the price on the Internet, so s$1,100, $1,200? Too early to say. As I said, I mean we are working on a pilot in the US, which will happen if everything goes well in Q2. Thank you. The next question is from Javier Lodeiro, LLB. Please go ahead. Yes, hi. Just two questions, if I may. Maybe can you walk us a little bit about the potential impact of the US tariff and especially going more into detail how much of your US revenues you are actually producing in the States? And then the second one on the European revenue base, I am hearing a lot of France, which I believe is realistic. I hear a lot about Spain and, say, Dana, that's as well realistic. But besides this, are there any other triggers which will push actually the European revenues? Yeah. So thank you for the questions. With regards to US tariffs, let me – of course, I think that no one can predict at the moment anything on this regard. But what I can tell you is that in the US, we already leverage on a diversified sourcing, having supply agreements with all five global manufacturers in the US. Also, I would add that these five manufacturers have also pretty diversified supply chain and that also have been implementing flexible global supply chain strategy to diversify their production and mitigate the risk. So, we are not particularly worried about tariffs for the US. With regards to the second question, I don't recall the second question was about? Other European markets. It was about  (01:02:37). Right. Yeah, no, well, sorry. I mean, of course, we expect the main growth coming from France. But also, as I said also during the presentation, we expect also other markets actually to perform better in consideration of the fact that now it has been three years in a row, after the significant growth of the European market in 2021, that the European market has been slow. So we expect some pent-up demand coming back this year. So we expect definitely France to perform much better, but also we see more positive also other markets. May we go to the last question, Judith? The next question is from Giorgio Tavolini, Intermonte. Please go ahead. Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my three question, please. We have been navigating a very volatile market environment in the last couple of days in the US and Europe. So given this, I was wondering if you expect further decline in consumer confidence in EMEA region due to the higher public spending, extra deficit in particular in Germany. And I was wondering if you can confirm or whether Germany still contributed around 10% of the group top line. Similarly, regarding the French market, do you see a risk that the French government's increased military spending could lead to some reduction or constraints in public subsidy for hearing devices replacements that we're foreseeing by the Macron reform in 2021? And the third one, if we should expect Capital Market Day to provide a mid-term outlook later this year in the second part, I don't know. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the questions. So, with regards to the last question, Capital Market Day, of course, we are definitely very willing actually to share with you our plans for the future. I must say that we would like to do that when we see a more – let me say, less volatile environment, but definitely it is something that we wanted to do as soon as possible. With regards to the second question, which was about France, and therefore the spending for our sector from the government, I can't really make any comment on that. I don't have the answer. With regards to Germany, your estimation in terms of weight of the German market in terms of sales is pretty correct, I would say. And that's it. Thank you very much. Thank you, Giorgio. Thank you. We have a very last one now with Julien. So, I would keep it only to two, Julien, as we are out of the timing, please. The last question is from Julien Ouaddour, Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hi, thank you very much. And I have just one quick. Just for the like midterm guidance. I mean, now you're talking about mid- to high-single digit growth for the top line. You used to talk about high-single digit. How should we see beyond 2025? I mean, do you aim to return at the high-single digit only or mid to high is probably the – let's – like the norm for the future? Thank you. No, thank you for this question, because I think this is a very important question, actually. So, we are guiding mid- to high-single digit, which means between 5% and 9% especially for the following reasons. First one is because of the lower M&A contribution. I mean, if you compare – if you take actually the mid of the range, which is 7% and if you compare actually it with what we did in 2024, we grew 7% but with higher contribution for M&A. So, 7% is incorporating a contribution from M&A this year, which is lower than that, and taking the middle of the range, of course. So, circa 2% in 2025 versus 3.6% in 2024. Then, we are also expecting actually the US market to continue to grow healthily. But it's difficult to think that the US market will continue to grow so like in 2023 and which grew – when it grew by 10%, also this year was very positive. So, we see a more balanced growth across regions. In the US, we estimate a growth in the region of mid-single digit. And then if you want, in our guidance, the upper limit of the guidance is the same, while is the lower limit of the guidance is a bit lower because it's between 5% and 9%. In a way I think that it's also reflecting the macro and the geopolitical environment in which we are living in, which makes us also a bit more prudent because we know very well that the volatility. And things actually change every single day, and therefore we wanted to be a bit more prudent taking in – in order to take into consideration the volatility of the environment in which we are living in. Thank you very much. Very clear. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. So thanks, everybody, for the call. I leave it to Judith in order to close the call. Thanks again. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining. The conference is now over and you may disconnect your telephones. 
            