
            Management Discussion: Good evening, everyone, and welcome to AMP Full Year Results. I'd welcome you also on this Valentine's Day, which is our second Valentine's Day to deliver the results. Before I commence today, can I firstly recognize the traditional custodians of the land on which we're holding this meeting, which for us is the Gadigal people of the Eora Nation? And I'd like to pay my respects to the elders past and present. Also, of course, I have with me today Blair Vernon, who is the CFO of the organization, right? So, what are we going to talk through today? Firstly, I just want to give you a brief overview of the results. Then, Blair will do a deep dive into all of the results, including a focus on costs and capital. And then, we're going to go further into the big year results together with the achievements through 2024 and what we're planning to focus on in 2025. And, of course, we're going to finish with some guidance and allow time for Q&A. If I just look at the overall result, I believe we continue to deliver on financial performance, but also business performance. Underlying profits up over 15% to AUD 236 million, and correspondingly, our earnings per share up 25% through performance, but also the share buyback. We're delivering on the controllable cost promises despite the sticky inflation which has been absorbed and we're going to continue to do that through 2025. Our AUM has increased nearly 11%, albeit a good market, but the flows are improving and increasing in all of our wealth businesses. On top of that, we've executed on an Advice transaction that we believe will deliver benefits for all our stakeholders, including the advisers that have moved to Entireti. With completion of our share buyback of AUD 1.1 billion, we continue our capital program with the announcement of a final dividend of AUD 0.01 franked 20%, taking the full year dividend to AUD 0.03. If I just look at our businesses overall, as mentioned, our wealth businesses are delivering improving results. Platform is showing great attraction in IFAs with a real focus on that core market of super and pensions. Our Superannuation & Investments business is now delivering on price, performance, good insurance, service and pleasingly our reputation is at all-time averages and this is leading to really improved flows. New Zealand is in a more challenging environment, but the business keeps delivering as well as diversifying the revenue base. And when we come to bank, I think we all know it's a more challenging environment for small banks. But we've delivered modest growth in the second half as indicated, and continued to focus on margin. I'm also very pleased with the execution capability during the year. We've been using AI and have now launched at scale across our contact center in S&I and are in the process of rolling across the other contact centers. We're also delivering some solutions for advisers in terms of meeting for clients. Coming to our portfolio, we can see that with the Advice transaction, the portfolio continues to simplify. All of our remaining businesses now have clear growth strategies to execute upon. The partnerships have also shown improved growth and performance in 2024, removing some of the one-offs that we experienced in the prior year. Just contextually, we can say that we continue to compete in an environment where the dynamics are positive for all of our businesses. There's high household wealth, especially in the more mature demographics, a thriving  (00:04:14) environment with increasing focus on retirement needs where we have been specializing for the last few years. Increasing needs for advice, where we can leverage our partnerships as well as the intra-fund capability we have and the new digital proposition that we launched last month. We also now have a solution for those micro and small businesses together with the launch of transaction capability in our new bank. Our shareholders are a key stakeholder, but we also remain focused on our other stakeholders being customers, people and community. Customer satisfaction scores continue to improve across all of our businesses. Our staff engagement has increased another point in 2024, and our Foundation continues to support the community with not only charitable donations, but also over AUD 13 million committed to impact investments. And we've maintained carbon neutrality for the 12th year in a row. Blair, can I ask you now to talk through the detailed financials? Thanks, Lex. Turning to the results summary, as Lex mentioned, underlying NPAT is up over 15% in the year to AUD 236 million. Total revenue was down slightly compared to the prior year, with increases seen in our wealth management businesses, but offset by bank earnings as a result of the margin compression we've previously spoken to. Our cost efficiency focus continues to emerge positively across the business. Variable costs are down 7.5% in the year, mostly attributable to reduced investment management expenses, while controllable costs are down 6.1% to AUD 648 million, delivering ahead of our target of AUD 660 million for the year. Earnings per share are up 25% to AUD 0.09, as Lex mentioned. And pleasingly, the cost to income at a group level fell a further 2.7% (sic) [2.7 percentage points] (00:06:15) to 63.8% for the year. Statutory NPAT continues to be a simpler reconciliation compared to prior years. Business simplification expenses is the most significant item at AUD 43 million after tax, which is in line with our previously communicated program spend in this area. Other items at AUD 34 million after tax predominantly reflects the already advised AUD 36 million loss resulting from the Advice transaction. Year-on-year stat profit is down given that 2023 performance was materially impacted on the upside by the sale of the AMP Capital and SuperConcepts businesses. Just turn to AUM, as Lex mentioned, are up by almost 11% for the FY 2024 year at the close. Pleasingly, a significant uplift in cash flows in Platforms and improved retention in Super & Investments have contributed positively relative to FY 2023. The majority of the overall increase is accounted for market movements, which were significantly positive through the year. Margins in our wealth businesses saw a modest decline, largely in line with the expectations. And we will discuss further as we turn to each of the individual business units, particularly Platforms. Just turn to the business unit overview snapshot and breaking out NPAT across those reported business units shows continued improvement across our wealth businesses offset by the reduced performance in AMP Bank. The Platforms highlight for us was the significantly improved cash flow over prior year. Super & Investments continued to improve retention off the back of their improved offer to clients. Bank profits were impacted by NIM compression, but a strong cost-out response offset that in part. New Zealand continues to deliver consistently year-on-year and our Group performance improved year-on-year, a function of the increased partnership revenue as well as benefiting from our business simplification program. Now, turn to costs in a little more detail. Controllable costs, as I mentioned, were AUD 648 million for the year. Adjusting for the Advice sale, our target of FY 2024 was AUD 660 million. So, this outcome, from our perspective, is very positive. Employee costs continue to reduce reflecting reduced head count through FY 2024, but also the run rate effect of the reductions that we talked to late in FY 2023. Insurance and professional services costs also saw a significant reduction as we further streamlined vendor contracts and also reduced our overall consultant support. Technology costs increased slightly reflecting both our ongoing investment in business units for growth and at the same time, this year absorbed most of the impact of stranded costs, which we expect to continue to address in the coming year. This absolute reduction in controllable costs is a significant achievement, considering we absorbed approximately AUD 20 million of inflation impacts emerging in our cost base in the latter half of FY 2024. Our FY 2025 controllable cost target is confirmed at AUD 600 million, which will represent a further 7.4% reduction on our FY 2024 performance. Substantial part of this reduction will be addressing stranded costs within the business arising from the Advice transaction. We expect the majority of controllable cost savings to continue to emerge through the  group cost centers (00:09:50), thereby ensuring our business units can maintain a balance of focus on growth. Our business simplification program continues into 2025 with a forecast of investment of up to AUD 150 million pre-tax, unchanged from our previous guidance. Consistent with FY 2024, we anticipate absorbing inflation and other business unit growth-related cost uplifts within this absolute target. Now, turning to capital. As previously flagged, the conclusion of our AUD 1.1 billion capital return program in 2024 provided the opportunity to reassess our overall capital position and also our approach to reporting this aspect to the market. Common Equity Tier 1 is our preferred measure for reporting capital moving forward. It comprises shareholder equity, but removes DTAs, investments and associates as well as other regulatory adjustments. Total capital resources reduced 5.5% year-on-year, largely reflecting that final tranche of our capital return program. Deductions for regulatory adjustments and DTA is reflected in the table showing a group CET1 total capital position of AUD 1.769 billion. Set against our calculated CET1 capital requirement of AUD 1.63 billion, we have an FY 2024 CET1 capital surplus of AUD 139 million. For completeness, we've also provided a summary of our capital return program across all three tranches. This highlights the significant reduction in issued shares as a result of the program with an average buyback price per share of AUD 1.16. As we've done in previous periods, this waterfall shows the movement year-on-year of our excess CET1 capital. Net of profit uplifts, the predominant feature is, of course, our buyback program completed in 2024, as I've just spoken to. Our approach to capital management moving forward is framed by a number of considerations. Naturally, we're looking to manage our balance sheet through the economic cycle with an overriding goal of enhancing shareholder returns. We believe modest leverage is appropriate for a group such as ours. And most importantly, having completed a significant capital return program, we are mindful of reorientating towards growth in our business portfolio. Our revised CET1 capital framework includes our required buffers above regulatory minimums. Our goal is to target stable returns to shareholders, while managing for one-off events appropriately. As Lex mentioned, we are declaring a final dividend of AUD 0.01 per year, 20% franked  which will see our (00:12:32) FY 2024 full year dividend of AUD 0.03 per share. Looking forward, we are targeting a dividend of AUD 0.02 per share per half through FY 2025 at the same 20% franking rate. We see 2025 is having a number of uncertainties. Hence, we have elected to focus our guidance on FY 2025 at the present point. Our forward view of dividends is framed against these considerations we note on the slide: seeking to close out legacy matters, realizing upside opportunities as they emerge, and above all, positioning us for growth. Lex and I now are going to talk to further detail across each of our business units. Firstly, turning to Platforms. Platform's NPAT is up almost 19% in the year to AUD 107 million. Net cash flows of AUD 2.8 billion are almost double our FY 2023 performance, with particularly strong flows in H2. Managed portfolios continued to grow strongly closing the year with over AUD 19 billion of AUM. The North Guarantee product had a positive impact of AUD 10 million on the FY 2024 result reflecting favorable conditions, albeit that was slightly down on FY 2023. While we continue to invest for growth in this key business unit, the management team have equally maintained a disciplined cost focus, including lowering investment management expenses. Average margin was down slightly at 45 basis points, which remains a key area of focus for us. Turning to margin in more detail, the 2 basis point reduction we reported in FY 2024 has emerged in our other fees category, mostly the investment management fees component. Key driver of this change is reflected in the bar graph at the bottom of the slide, which essentially highlights the changing mix of our AUM. Growth in management portfolios through the year has had a narrower total margin than our traditional managed funds products. And so, the change here is a consequence of growth mix, not a change in our pricing formula per se. Margin in H2 was lower than the average margin of 45 basis points that we reported here through the year on this slide. We remain confident the actions already underway by management will see an improvement in this trend as we look into FY 2025 and we'll address that when we come to our guidance slide. The significant improvement in net cash flow through FY 2024 is highlighted further in this year-on-year comparison. As we've previously reported, our book is overweight super and pension balance as compared to many other platforms, which is reflective of our clear strategic focus on this part of the market. Following the divestment of our Advice business, we have baselined our approach to measuring  advisers using (00:15:26) North. North has a total adviser population of more than 4,000 users. Our primary focus for growth retention, however, are the 2,188 advisers with greater than AUD 1 million  of flow on (00:15:38) North. And this is a key metric we are seeking to grow. Beyond this, there remains a significant addressable market of advisers who don't yet use North and we believe would particularly benefit from access to our market-leading retirement solution for their clients. During FY 2024, we established 99 new distribution agreements with AFSL holders and added over 140 new advisers to the North platform. We do operate in a market of greater than AUD 4.1 trillion, which continues to grow at pretty good multiple. We are one of the leading players in super and pensions and we do have a vision to be the place people can come to, to gain confidence in retirement. We've demonstrated that we can innovate in this area through our new Lifetime solutions, which now has AUD 350 million in assets under management, but just as importantly, AUD 460 million of new assets under management as a result of the launch of these solutions. And we are unique and have got solutions across the spectrum, whether it's simplicity for the direct clients or simple needs for advisers' clients and more complex needs where North caters. We've also built a relationship with Entireti through the Advice transaction and we see growth opportunities for both parties here. And I want to say that advice is in our DNA and we're proud of the solutions that we continue to co-develop with our advice partners. In 2024, we continued the good work in our Platforms business investing in sales capability and management. We continued to invest in digital capability for both advisers and their clients. We're now starting to bring new practices, advisers and customers to the platform, as Blair indicated, and Lifetime is now used by 85 licensee with 73% clients being new to North and it remains a real opportunity and focus for us through 2025. In this year, we need to continue on the journey and keep doing what we're doing. We want to improve and add to the retirement solutions we've already delivered, further digitization including tools using AI to assist our advisers, and look further for opportunities to leverage that AI capability. We want to use our investment management capability to improve the margins. Turning now to Super & Investments. Underlying NPAT for our Super & Investments business is up more than 26% at AUD 67 million for the year. This result reflects positive market conditions, reduced costs, but also a one-off positive impact to investment income of AUD 4 million in the FY 2024 year. Disciplined cost controls through reductions in both controllable and variable costs, noting we don't anticipate IME cost reductions to replicate in future years. Margin management continued to be a strength in this business, averaging 63 basis points for the year. Investment returns in excess of 15% for MySuper members in 2024 contributed to our enhanced proposition for members. That improving overall value proposition for members is reflected in the significant improved net cash flow result FY 2024 shown in this graph. This continued year-on-year improvement is predominantly a function of improved retention across the portfolio. Excluding mandate losses on prior years, our trend towards positive overall net cash flows continues in line with our previous guidance. As with the Platforms business, for our S&I business, we are playing in a large market and we have a very big brand. The business is now majority personal members who tend to be more engaged, particularly as we now have those key ingredients for success that I talked about; price, performance, insurance, service, and reputation. We also have less exposure to those very large corporates, which does reduce our future risk and it allows us to focus a little more. I should add that that mid-corporate sector does remain an area of interest for us and one we continue to engage with. If I look at 2024 and 2025, you can see good progress in 2024 with top quartile performance. We've improved our member experience and upgraded our website to allow easier interaction. We've also improved our reputation to long-term averages, which is particularly important for this sector of the market. And we've improved brand awareness and most importantly, consideration for AMP as a superannuation provider. And we've made retention in this business a priority with outbound calling and our new advertising. In 2025, already we've launched our new digital advice solution in January and to date, we have nearly 900 customers have done their retirement checks with 50% of those going through to the advice solution, all without a single dollar of marketing. We will launch new Lifetime solutions, which are more simple than ones we have on platform in the next quarter. And we continue to drive awareness in corporate and  super's personal (00:21:02) spaces for our solution. Now, turning to the bank for FY 2024. AMP Bank continues to operate in a highly competitive retail banking market on both sides of the balance sheet. NPAT for AMP Bank in FY 2024 reduced to AUD 72 million, reflecting lower net interest income as a result of our previously flagged NIM compression. Offsetting this revenue decline, the bank saw reduced cost across both variable and controllable lines as management responded to lighter business volumes especially. Pleasingly, our actions have seen an improvement in trends in the second half of 2024 with modest growth in mortgages against more limited margin compression. Key metrics such as LCR and CET1 remained comfortably above minimums, reflecting our prudent approach to managing the bank. Against that backdrop, the softening of return on capital and cost to income ratios remained a critical management focus. Over full year 2024, we experienced 16 basis points of margin compression when comparing the full year averages. There are a range of mix changes in our loan book reflected in this  walk (00:22:15), but notably our retail deposit portfolio remained central to the challenge in NIM management for AMP Bank. This reinforces, again, the importance of our new digital bank offer to broaden deposit market opportunities for the bank. Consistent with prior periods, we remain vigilant and focused on credit quality as reflected on these key data points on this slide. Despite prevailing economic conditions, more than 60% of our mortgage customers remain ahead on their repayments. Our average dynamic LVR at a total book level is 53% and we have only a nominal volume of loans greater than 90% LVR. Arrears rates continued to normalize through H2, further reflecting our conservative overall credit position. You're well aware that the market we're operating in with our bank remains extremely competitive. We've made a conscious effort to focus on margin over volume. We did deliver modest growth in the second half, as we previously indicated, and we continued to focus on driving efficiencies and looking for those niche opportunities to add both margin and volume. We've maintained positive relationships with brokers, which remain an important stakeholder for us given the distribution. And we're focused on those higher margin investor as well as making it easier for the self-employed borrower, which is consistent with the strategy for the launch of our new bank capability. Speaking of our new bank, I want to step back a moment and just a reminder about why we launched this proposition. Firstly, we do see it as an opportunity in that small and micro space where not many others are focused. And also importantly, it creates a diversity in our customer base, but also in our deposit funding, as well as adding transaction accounts for our personal customers. While the official launch was this week, family and friends have been testing for many months. The new numberless card, which delivers greater security and safety for our customers, has excited interest, and we have over 11,000 pre-registered parties who signed up to campaigns to have a look at the proposition. The launch is fully functioning, including transaction accounts and will have frequent releases through 2025, but these will depend on customer behavior and requirements. Now, turning to our New Zealand business. NZ Wealth Management continues to perform strongly in a challenging market with NPAT up over 8% to AUD 37 million for the year. The strategy of revenue diversification in this business continues to be executed against with improved revenue across both lines. Controllable cost reduced year-on-year despite elevated local inflation, reflecting a sustained business simplification program in this business. Margin eased slightly through the year, reflecting the ongoing change in mix with predominantly that growth in KiwiSaver, which is a lower margin product across the board. Net cash flows were positive, reflecting focus on that KiwiSaver growth as well as our focus on corporate superannuation retention activities. The New Zealand business is a little different than the Australian having a presence in KiwiSaver, but also our footprint in general insurance distribution and a bigger footprint in advice and financial coaching. While the dynamics of the market are a little more challenging at the moment, the long-term trends still remain positive. We are well positioned especially in that area of workplace solutions around KiwiSaver. In 2024, you can see that our investment performance continued to improve the maturity of a new strategy that we implemented in 2021. The enable.me acquisition is expanding and helping to diversify revenue for our business. And KiwiSaver was up almost 4% in terms of funds due to retention, and as I mentioned, the workplace arrangements. In 2025, we need our New Zealand business to just keep doing what it's been doing, acknowledging that it is a more difficult economic environment. Now, finally, turning to our Group business unit. Our partnerships in China saw a significant improvement through the year, up more than 20% to AUD 47 million for the year. Other partnerships, which predominately represent our PCCP business in the US, rebounded significantly, contributing AUD 32 million to the result. Collectively, the 36% improvement in our partnerships' performance  see the return (00:27:07) more in line with our expectations of performance through the cycle. Other revenue at AUD 13 million reflects the residual revenue signature of the retained assets associated with the now discontinued Advice business unit. Controllable costs fell almost 10%, although remained elevated as a result of stranded costs being held at the corporate center. This remains our clear focus for improvement in FY 2025. Interest expense on corporate debt is down on a year, reflecting minor timing differences in the recycling of facilities in three year. Investment income from Group cash is down year-on-year, reflecting the reduction on group cash holdings as we further optimize our capital and liquidity position. NPAT performance for the Group segment nonetheless continued to improve year-on-year. I'd just take a moment to look at our China partnerships. We've now been able to rebuild the relationships with China Life through the visits we've enabled over the last few years post COVID. The China market continues to remain supportive of both public and personal pension savings, and both CLPC and CLAMP are benefiting from this focus and growth. As you'll see, the growth remains positive and we're working hard to support this. Working with our partners to improve the dividend payout given the strong performance is certainly a priority for us through 2025. Now, looking ahead to FY 2025 guidance which is presented on this slide and naturally is subject to market conditions. In our Platforms business, we are forecasting margin to be circa 43 basis points on average through the year, consistent with our average margin in the second half of 2024. In our Super & Investments business, we forecast margin to be flat at circa 63 basis points. In AMP Bank, our expectation is that NIM will be broadly in line with FY 2024, given the sustained competitive conditions we see prevailing in the segment. As previously noted, our controllable costs target is AUD 600 million, and our business simplification program continues within our previous guidance of up to AUD 150 million pre-tax for that program. Partnerships collectively are expected to return circa 10% per annum through the cycle. So just in conclusion, 2024 was a strong year of delivery being the culmination of many years of very hard work. The portfolio is simplified, the cost promises have been delivered and continue to be delivered in an inflationary environment. Growth is emerging in our wealth businesses. We've now delivered a new bank, digital advice and AI solutions for our people and customers. We've also returned AUD 1.1 billion in capital to our shareholders and announced a continuation of AUD 0.02 per half dividend through 2025. In 2025, we reorient our focus to growth. But I can assure you we will not neglect the continuing drive for efficiencies. Thank you for your time. And I'll now open to Q&A. Operator? 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  First question comes from the line of Simon Fitzgerald from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Hi, there. Thank you very much for taking my questions. I'll just leave it at three. Just in terms of the split in the Platforms business between managed funds and managed portfolios, can you just sort of talk about – this obviously appears to be new business wins over the sort of legacy formats, but ultimately, how do you see that balance sort of playing out? Yeah. I think if we look at the trends in the market at the moment, there is a greater propensity for the new business to come through the managed portfolios because that's really making it easier for advisers to advise their clients. I'm not suggesting that that's going to all happen through 2025, but certainly that is where a lot of the growth is coming for the advice machine, Simon. Okay, that's fair. And could you sort of talk about the premium that you would have got on, say, the old sort of managed funds versus the new sort of format in managed portfolios? Just trying to understand the difference in that. Yeah, well, you can say that most of the...   (00:32:00) ...apart from a couple of different items, which won't reappear in 2025, the margin reduction that we've experienced through the year is predominantly as a result of that portfolio mix. I mean, as I said, we're in a unique position that we've got in investment management capability which most of our competitors don't. So, we can utilize that to gain some of that back through 2025. And we've already put a lot of those initiatives in play, which is why we don't see any further degradation. But there definitely is some decline that you can see through 2024 as a result of that mix. Sure. Sure. And just a question on capital, just with the CET1 capital requirements, I was interested to know if the board buffer reduced over that just given the residential mortgage book declined by at least AUD 1 billion. I was trying to sort of think about how the board buffer may have changed. I'll ask Blair to talk through that. Hi. No, the board buffer itself didn't change materially. Obviously, it takes into account that the mortgage book you talk about would come within the MRR requirement. The board buffer sits on top of that for a range of other factors, and so there wasn't a material change. I think it's important, if I may, I mean, obviously, there's a calculation that  we do (00:33:22) in relation to bank capital and for that matter the wealth business as well. But I mean when we talk about board buffer, they've got to, of course, consider the risk environments, they've got to consider the stress testing that we have to undertake to make sure that we're going to have a viable business there. I can assure you our board is not in the habit of putting excess margins over the top of the regulatory requirements. I get that. But we've had an environment where you've seen improvement in payments and you're sort of talking about it's not a very good environment for growth anyway. So, that board buffer could have been a bit slimmer I would have thought, but I'll leave it at that.   (00:34:05) ...so, I'd say the board buffer  (00:34:10) bank sitting across a range of businesses and the group. So, it's a composite of all of those things. Okay. Maybe if I could just ask on stranded costs then, the AUD 45 million that's part of the business simplification that relates to the Advice business. What's the sort of timeframe you think that you can extinguish that by? 2025 is our promise, Simon. We're not walking away from our cost promises in relation to that. So, we're still committed to that AUD 600 million that we've put in that guidance and a large part of that consists of the AUD 45 million in stranded costs. Okay. And then one final one just on the CLAMP and the CLPC, it looks like there was a reduction in the carrying values there. Just wondering what you could talk to in terms of what's behind that? No, I don't believe there was a reduction in the carrying values that both contributed to the profit result here and there, equity accounted for. So, you can take that up separately. Yeah, sure. Thank you. Thank you for the questions. One moment for the next question. Our next questions comes from the line of Andrei Stadnik from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Good morning. Can I ask my first question around the North Lifetime product? Can you just repeat those numbers, it seems like there was something below AUD 400 million and something just over AUD 400 million? So can you just explain the difference? And how quickly have you been able to get to this sort of figures in the Lifetime? And what were kind of customers are you finding success with? Yeah. So maybe I can just pause a moment there to talk about our Lifetime solutions, which we launched in 2023. And look, there are several reasons for the importance of that and why I mentioned the two figures which I'll repeat. But firstly, our platform has been a good platform for many, many years. But I think as a result of AMP becoming internally focused, many other good platforms exist as well. So we really needed to innovate to have something different about our platform and that's why the retirement solutions was really important, because it allowed us to open doors to practices that we hadn't opened before. And of course, we  won't farm (00:36:32) on our retirement solutions. But it's also about the new customers that new advisers that we can bring to the platform. So over that period and I think we launched in mid-2023, that caught me in that, I didn't get the exact date, but it was around then, we've bought on actually in the retirement solutions AUD 350 million, but I mentioned that second number of  AUD 40 million (00:36:56) because that's new clients to the platform. And that's a really important indicator to us about how we are attracting new business. Got it, got it. Thank you. My second question, can I ask around the deposit mix in the bank? That was a small benefit during the year. Can you explain a little bit about what's driving that? Yeah. I'll ask Blair to comment on that. Yeah, I mean there's obviously a range of mixes changes through the bank through the year. The deposit mix challenge we faced across the year was mostly around cyber. I mean, our TD portfolios still remain very, very competitive. But the cyber product and the cyber kind of category I would describe as in the market is extremely competitive. Thank you. My third question, it's maybe a little bit of third question. Can you explain a little bit about the innovative, numberless debit cards that you're launching and what sort of benefits do you expect for AMP or AMP's customers from that? Yeah. The new solutions that we've launched, I mean, the debit cards got a lot of attraction, but it actually goes far more broader than that. Firstly, it is a digital-only solution for small and micro businesses. So I'm not talking about small and medium. I'm talking about the less than  20 (00:38:25) and a lot of those are self-employed. So, that's the first category. And the second category, our bank has not had fulsome transaction capability. So we're also launching fulsome transaction capability as part of these new solutions. As I said, it's digital only. It's not digital first, it is digital-only. And it is quite a unique proposition. And we really wanted to launch this to diversify to fund our deposit base, which we've just talked about. And, of course, there's lower cost deposits for us in this new solution, which we just launched Monday and publicly on Wednesday. And if so, what kind of deposits you've already raised? Well, I think it'd be a bit remiss of me after day three to throw a number out there, but clearly it is something that's really important for us for improving the return on the bank over the longer term. Thank you. Thank you for the questions. Our next questions comes from the line of Julian Braganza from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Thank you so much for taking our questions. Maybe just the first question on the bank and just your NIM guidance into next year. Can you just maybe unpack that and just talk about what you assume just in terms of potential cash rate cuts, changes in funding costs and the like, just keen to understand and unpack that number? Thank you. Yeah, I kind of think if we think about the NIM guidance, I mean, we expect that there's going to be rate cuts through the year, two to three is what our economists say at the moment. But when we look at the NIM guidance, we haven't factored that we'll be able to gain great margin improvements on the loan side for that. So we're assuming benign there. And as I just said, through the deposits, we could see some improvements there, but basically not factoring much benefit through the book through the rate reductions at this point, potential rate reduction. Right. Okay. Understand. And... That's why you can say we've pretty much forecast in line with this year. Okay. And I mean just the timeline for when we should start to see improvements. I mean, is there any signs that they could – any visibility on that? Or is it just too difficult to tell from here? I think on the mortgage side, there remains a very, very competitive market and I don't see that easing up dramatically at this point. I mean, when it comes to the deposits side, there certainly is some indications that there may be easing there. But I think just really cautious about that at this point. And for our new bank, I would expect that the benefits would start to come through there in 2026. Obviously, by the end of this year, we'll have a bit of an indication about where we're going to be positioned in terms of funding there, but I'd expect the benefits to come through in 2026. Okay. Got it. And then maybe just shifting it to just the capital requirements. To see the deferred tax assets, just want to be clear, were those at all impacted by the sale of the Advice businesses if in terms of allocation of that asset between AMP  (00:42:00)? Yeah, there was a small impact of that, but that is not the majority of our deferred tax assets. That has not been largely impacted by that. So I'm not saying there wasn't some there was small, but in comparison to the  (00:42:13), it's not material. Got it. Got it. And then just the lower capital requirements on the Platforms business, from memory, it was worth about AUD 15 million, AUD 16 million. Correct me, if I'm wrong. But is that still expected to be – would that come through to shareholders or how are you thinking about that? Can you talk to that? I think what you're referring to, there might be the change in offer that's been talked about in the markets...   (00:42:38) ...yeah. Yeah. That's the sort of quantum that we would  calc (00:42:44). And obviously, yeah, as we've said, our goal is to make sure we're as capital efficient as possible. And so, but what I would just caution is that change doesn't occur until July 1. And so, yeah, we'll go through a process with the trustees to work through that. They'll take due consideration. And as that works through, then we'll look to realize that through capital resources. Okay. Got it. And then just a final question on just your portfolio of investments across CLAMP, CLPC, PCCP, any further comments around strategy there to monetize value or just – yeah, any update there? Yeah. The strategy hasn't changed. I mean, I've said publicly a number of times, particularly, our PCCP is not a strategic investment and we're working with the founders there. But that is a really strong business, and I want to make sure we can get full value for that business. So I think it will be dependent on what happens in that real estate sector in the US. But I think that remains something we're actively engaged with the founders. In terms of the rest of the assets, I mean, at the moment, we continue to work with our China Life partners to continue that growth, which is quite extraordinary and focused on them given their performance is so good on improving the dividend payout ratio. Got it. Thank you so much for taking the questions. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the questions. Our next questions comes from Nigel Pittaway from Citi. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Just maybe returning to the bank initially, I mean, just interested in sort of the volume growth strategy, particularly as we move into 2025. I mean, obviously, you've had that bad debt impairment release that's helped the bank in the second half. So presumably, that's non-repeatable. And then with your margin guidance, obviously, you did return to growth a bit in second half, but obviously still growing down for the full year and growing below systems. So do we expect more of the same moving into next year or how should we think about that? Yeah. Nigel, thanks. That's a good question. I mean, we're continuing to really focus on managing that margin over volume at any cost. I would expect that we'll have nominal growth, as I just explained, I don't see there's much change in the margin dynamics. So I'd expect nominal growth through the first half of 2025. But I mean, we're just continuing to focus on those niche opportunities. And, yes, while there was a one-off, we really drove some efficiencies through the bank that comes through in the second half and into the full year for 2025. Okay. Thank you for that. Maybe just moving then on to a bit more on Platform margins. I mean, obviously, there is this, I mean, how much do you think there's a tradeoff between sort of generating potential flows and playing with the margin in that business? And also maybe just on the retirement income product, obviously, I mean, do you think there's a point at which we might sort of get the acceleration in flows in those products? I mean, you've talked about sort of those products leading advisers to North. But will that translate into material flows at some point you think? Yeah. There's a couple of questions in it. Firstly, I'd say we're not playing a price game on our platform, right? I mean, it has – the price is impacted due to the mix. And while I consider that that is kind of a market dynamic, clearly, we've been very transparent about the impact of that. As I mentioned, I think with our investment management capability, we do have options that are exploring to get some of that back into the future. And that is a unique proposition we had. But you know that you could see that coming through to the second half and some of those initiatives are there which will protect the margin into the latter half. So that's where I see margins. If I come to our retirement solutions, firstly, I'd point you and you can see it in the data pack that our platform flows have been improving quarter on quarter for the last 12 months and you can see that in every quarter. And in fact, the trends are longer than that. And yeah, I think those trends are really exciting for us, and the focus. That's not all retirement solutions, but certainly some of it is. If we reflect on the learnings from retirement solutions, I think there's a couple of things. Firstly, the solution is fantastic. I mean, it's amazing opportunity for clients to enhance their pension in retirement. But it's complex, and it takes time for advisers to understand that, to be able to talk to customers about it, and they typically do it when they're doing a review as opposed to during a year or when they've got a new client. So I think it is taking time, but I think it is gaining traction. Yeah, there's a lot of talk in the market about new solutions coming in. I don't think that'd be a bad thing because we need to get more focus on this part of the market. Okay. Thanks again. And maybe just main – sorry, for the final question, just I mean, obviously, you've talked about sort of wanting to keep capital aside to now sort of focus a little bit more on growth. And when you're thinking and, obviously, the dividend  (00:48:22) the first half, when you're thinking about sort of organic versus inorganic growth, sort of how do you sort of think about that? Yeah. Thank you for that question. And maybe I can just make a couple of comments on the capital before I talk about the inorganic and organic growth. I mean, firstly, when we sit here and with the board deciding on the final dividend, of course, we're very conscious about the fact that we have been in a program of returning AUD 1.1 billion. You had the AUD 0.02 in the first half, the AUD 0.01 in the second half, and also about AUD 240-odd million of share buyback during the year. But we also sit here and we go, we're in a bit of a volatile market. We've got some legacy items that we still need to work through, and we've got some upside there, so the upside in terms of the AMP Capital investments, we just talked about non-strategic assets. So, there's some upsides and downsides. And as a board, we really wanted to give a bit of certainty through 2025 about that AUD 0.02 a half, which is why we announced the AUD 0.01 a quarter and  (00:49:33) to give the future guidance. And I think you'd also expect us in this environment not to have zero surplus. If I look forward to inorganic versus organic growth, I can assure you our focus is organic growth. That's what we're living and breathing every day. And if there ever was to be inorganic growth and I said this in the past, it might be bolt-on in terms of capability or it could be scale. But we're not looking at anything at the moment. Okay. Thank you. Thanks very much. Thank you for the questions. One moment for the next question. Next questions comes from the line of Andrew Buncombe from Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hi, team. Thanks for taking my questions. Just two from me, please. Just on the first one, you've obviously got a step-down of AUD 48 million in the controllable cost guidance for 2025. Out of interest, how much of that has already been delivered? Thanks. Yeah. Unfortunately, with controllable costs, if you don't have the initiatives in place by the end of the previous year, they're really difficult to deliver. So that's why I can confidently say that we're going to be delivering the controllable costs target for 2025. I mean it's not going to be easy because we're still in a higher inflationary environment and perhaps understood when we made those commitments. But we're absolutely committed to delivering those controllable cost targets of AUD 600 million. So, if I'm interpreting you correctly, should we be assuming that that AUD 600 million is flat half on half in 2025 there? Do you want to comment, we typically had higher costs in the second half to the first half because of our cycles, but Blair? Yeah. If you look back over our prior periods, Andrew, you'll see there is a slight seasonality between first half, second half. That's continued to narrow, but we typically see, yeah, a little higher costs in the second half. The reality is, I would expect a little bit of that seasonality to continue, but continue to moderate. Yeah, obviously, there's always a little bit of timing. And so, but, yeah, the reality is we are laser focused on that AUD 600 million. We've got very clear pathways on the net – I would stress the net AUD 48 million that we'll need to remove what is obviously  (00:52:08) inflation, so forth is a large number. So it's no mean feat in the current environment if that happened. Excellent. And then my other question was in relation to the revenue margin guidance, you've given it for S&I and also for Platforms. Can you talk to how you're thinking about that metric in New Zealand as well, please? Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. We've typically just given you the P&L for New Zealand. So as I said, we're kind of diversifying the revenue there. Yeah, the New Zealand business has consistently delivered about the numbers we delivered this year in terms of NPAT. Don't see any real changes in that space at this point. That's it from me. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the questions. One moment for the next questions. Next questions comes from the line of Kieren Chidgey from UBS. Please go ahead. Excuse me... Good morning, Kieren. ...your line is open, please unmute locally.   (00:53:15) Certainly. Allow me to move on to the next questions. One moment, please. Our next questions comes from the line of Lafitani Sotiriou from MST Financial. Please go ahead. Good morning and thank you for the question. Can I first just double check, Lex, did you say that you aren't currently looking at any acquisitions? I did say that, Laf. Except for new customers. So you're not looking at any acquisition at the moment? Except for new customers, we're always obviously looking for new customers. Yeah. Okay. So, but not any acquisitions in the market. We're not looking at anything at the moment, Laf. All right. Great. Can I just go and circle back on the overall capital discussions, because previously we could see what the board buffers were for the respective businesses or divisions. And you used to have broadly AUD 500 million in the overall board buffer. And so if that's still broadly the same, those AUD 200 million allocated to the group level, can you just unpack what that is and provide a little bit more detail as to why it's not moving around? Yeah. I'd just ask Blair to talk through how and where we're thinking about capital. Yeah. Just to reiterate the prior point, I mean, broadly the board buffer hasn't changed. And so, yeah, we're – but seeking to still get away from the conversation of minimum rate possible buffer we've chosen to, yeah, focus on sort of the total recruitment. In terms of the group allocation left, that's sort of circa AUD 200 million. I mean there's a number of things in there, but the most significant of which is the elements around  (00:55:18) warranties and legacy matters that exist at a group level and that, yeah, we would expect to continue to address over time. So it's not set in granite with time, but the reality is at that moment how, yeah, our focus is continuing to close out those matters and then prudently have a view about how that might emerge as available capital. Got it. And so, one of the things that we've spoken to in the past and we're nearing some of the end dates for is the carried interest from previous asset sales and you've got it there as a potential positive contributor for future periods in terms of capital. Can you just talk us through where that's tracking or if you are – and when we may get some more clarity or when the end date is because some of those are hurdle rates? Yeah. Thanks, Laf. As you know, some of those go out through the years and we haven't put it into our results for obvious reasons because it does depend on performance. And I think we've said before we anticipate positive performance, but I'm not going to make a predictor about what it would be, especially given the way markets are moving around. So, look...   (00:56:35) ...when some of those assets were sold, well, you indicated at the time it would be two to three years and we're in that timeframe now. That's right. Yeah, we... So, I just don't quite understand when you said previously it'll be two to three years and now we're at that point and we still don't have any information. So one of it was in relation to the ability for fund raising occurring in those assets. Has that been occurring? Has it not been? Look, I'm unclear why you can't give us any sort of extra color on what  (00:57:08)? Yeah. Most of the upside is from a payment once those assets are sold. As you can imagine, and those are in particular funds, as you can imagine, given the environment, most of that – all of those assets are offshore. Some of those funds can be extended for a period of time or they can be resolved in a period of time. I would expect that we will see some of that through 2025, but I'm not going to make promises because anything can happen in those  (00:57:40) funds and we're monitoring it. But it depends on the value at the time that the assets are sold. But that's two things, right? So, that is the assets within those funds. But there was also talk at the time you sold the assets for performance fees or earn-outs, if certain hurdles were reached. So, I have all the earn-outs, hurdles just disappeared. Are you not entitled to get any of those earn-outs or is that still in the background? I think it's still in the background, but I'm not... Yeah, I mean the critical threshold issue on those funds left is obviously closure. And as Lex mentioned, some of them have extension dates. Ultimately, the realization of any carry or performance fees is always going to be a question till the end and so, we are... No, I understand that for the carried interest on the investments that you've got. But there was also components that were separate to that, that were based on assets you sold and having earn-outs attributed to whether they are successful in raising money and the like in those funds. So that just seems to have disappeared completely from the conversation, i.e. does that mean you can no longer earn performance fees for that for the actual assets that were sold? Yeah. No, I'm sorry. And so, in terms of performance fees and  technically (00:59:03) related future fundraisings, we see that as unlikely based on where we currently  (00:59:08). You see those as unlikely. Yes. So those have disappeared? Yes. We see them as unlikely, Laf. Yeah. Okay. And just one last question. Previously, you talked about for the Super & Investments platform was potentially outsourcing the re-platforming, exploring options in the market or whether you go it alone. Is that project still something that's on the radar or how should we think about that? We are maintaining our platform internally. We're just focusing on the digitization and customer experience in relation to that. There is nothing wrong with the back-end in terms of the ability to be able to process transactions. We just need to work on the digital capability. All right. Got it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the questions. We do have our last questions coming from the line of Siddharth Parameswaran from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Thank you. Hi. This is actually  (01:00:10) from JPMorgan. Just two questions from me, please. So, firstly, on cost-out, I'm just following on from Andrew's previous question. Should we expect any run rate benefits of cost-out actions taken in CY 2025 into CY 2026? And do you see any further cost-out opportunities beyond what you've communicated looking into CY 2026 and beyond? Yeah, I mean while we've got some stranded costs we need to deal with, which might emerge only through 2025, I would expect there'll be continuation through 2026. The one thing I want us to focus on as we're reorienting towards growth is a cost to income measure, getting away from this absolute cost because we really want to grow our businesses. So that's the measure I'd prefer to be thinking about in 2026, and we can compare that with the market and with our competition as well. But, yes, while there'll be some one-off through 2025, some of those benefits will flow through. At this point, other than the normal BAU focus on efficiencies, we're not going through a large-scale promise to the market in terms of further cost reductions after 2025. Do you do you expect that cost to income ratio to trend downwards from 2026 and onwards? That's absolutely our focus. And hopefully, it's a compartment of revenue growing and also just more efficiencies. That's clear. Thanks. Just a second question on variable costs. Looks like those things come in better than expectations again. And just want to understand what the drivers of this could be by segment. I know as you mentioned investment management expense, it was a key driver. Do you expect this to be the new level going forward and what other risks that this could kind of contribute to historical levels? Yeah. In the last couple of years, we've really spent quite a bit of time on simplifying the menu and the options, and you can see those IMEs coming down. I wouldn't expect the same level of efficiencies in the future given the work that we've done over the last couple of years. But obviously it's something we continue to focus on and work on. Yeah. That's great. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for your attention today. That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines. 
            