
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the AUB Group FY 2024 Results Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mike Emmett, CEO and Managing Director. Please go ahead. Good morning, and thank you for joining Mark and I as we discuss the AUB Group results for FY 2024. Before I speak to the highlights of these results and our outlook, allow me to briefly recap on where we have come from as a group and what fundamentally drives our success. FY 2024 marks the fifth full year since AUB Group embarked on an updated strategy. With the refreshed leadership team, ambition and clearly defined strategic priorities, since FY 2020, we've achieved compound annual NPAT of 33.9% per annum and an annual EPS growth of 22.1%. Today, we place over AUD 10 billion in premium for our clients, having expanded our traditional broking capabilities to include a diverse and significant portfolio of Underwriting Agencies, Insurtech businesses and a strength in Wholesale Broking, particularly within the Lloyd's market. Our global footprint now spans 16 countries, with approximately 5,500 dedicated professionals serving about 1 million clients to place and manage risks with the world's leading insurers. AUB Group is now ranked as the 18th largest Insurance Broking Group in the world. Despite this growth, our commitment to clients and partners remains at the heart of our business. Our owner-driver model is fundamental to our success, allowing key partners to retain an significant equity stake in their ventures, preserving the entrepreneurial spirit of each business we invest in and fostering a sense of family within the AUB Group. Our mindset is that we are working with and for the interest of a host of fellow family members who are united to successfully support clients while expanding and growing. Our portfolio of about 100 unique brands, each with its own culture and history, are united under the AUB Group umbrella. This proven go-to-market strategy has consistently delivered outstanding results across multiple jurisdictions, driving our success year after year. On slide 4, we summarize financial performance for FY 2024. We delivered another year of revenue growth and operating leverage. Underlying revenue grew by 19.8% to AUD 1.33 billion, while the NPAT grew by 32.5% to AUD 171 million, benefiting from an expansion in the EBIT margin to 34%. Underlying EPS of AUD 1.568 per share grew by 21.2%. The board is proposing a total dividend per share of AUD 0.79, an increase of 23.4% on the prior year, this representing a payout ratio of 52.8% in line with the group's long-term dividend payout practice. Slide 5 highlights the key components contributing to the 32.5% growth in FY 2024 NPAT. Our strategy is to deliver profitable organic growth and complement this with accretive acquisitions in our core businesses that bolster our scale and capabilities. The strong organic growth of 20.9% was significantly bolstered by profits from acquisitions, which added an additional 17% to NPAT for the year. And this growth was slightly offset by a 1.5% reduction, due to the divestment of non-core assets, along with the 3.9% headwind from higher funding costs due to increased borrowing levels. Slide 7, this highlights the performance across AUB Group's divisions in FY 2024, marked by good revenue growth, margin expansion and profit growth. Notably, the Underwriting Agencies and New Zealand Broking divisions saw significant revenue increases. Particularly pleasing are the profit before tax growth rates for the Agencies and New Zealand divisions, which achieved 57.9% and 59.2% growth on prior year, respectively. It's important to mention that we're not comparing Tysers' performance to the previous year, as the prior period reflects only nine months post-acquisition, which would artificially inflate the growth rates. Moving to slide 8, Australian Broking remains a core part of the AUB Group. Over the past year, we have optimized our portfolio by completing eight bolt-on acquisitions and one disposal. Additionally, we restructured a broking portfolio, made five equity step-ups and supported succession planning across the network by reducing our equity in four brokerages. As highlighted on the slide, we achieved strong single-digit revenue growth, consistent with our long-term average. Simultaneously, we continued to enjoy positive margin jaws, by effectively managing costs across the portfolio, making solid progress towards our medium-term margin target of 40% for Australian Broking. During the year, we observed a 6% rise in premium rates within Australian Broking. It's important to note, these figures are based on comparable data using a same client, same cover, same insurer metric within our portfolio. On this basis, average premium rates have risen by approximately 7% per annum over the past five years. We are very conscious of the impact on clients of premium rate increases. To mitigate this, we've reduced our effective commission earn rates and pass these savings on to clients. Over the past three years, the impact of this is that our effective earn rates in Australia have decreased from 16.7% to 16.2%, despite an increase in commission rate entitlements. As a result, we are confident that should an accelerated slowdown in premium rates occur, we would be able to increase this effective commission rate to offset any potential negative impact. Slide 9, in FY 2024, BizCover achieved revenue growth of 15%, accompanied by margin expansion to 42%, resulting in EBIT growth of 20.5%. Robust expansion of the Australian EBIT margin more than counterbalanced the ongoing costs associated with the company's offshore market expansion. BizCover continues to make strategic investments to enhance its platform, ensuring sustained growth and customer satisfaction. Notably, the insurer panel was strengthened during financial year 2024 with the addition of Chubb and HDI, expanding the range of insurance options available to customers. Additionally, the re-launch of BizCover's cyber insurance offering has shown encouraging growth. Technological innovation is central to BizCover's strategy. The expansion of Blaze, the company's cutting-edge technology platform, is driving efficiencies, enhancing service delivery and simplifying integration with other platforms such as those used by insurer partners. The integration of AI tools into daily operations is yielding significant benefits for both customers and team members. And the use of this includes proactively reducing churn rates by assessing customer sentiment, also enhancing insurance fit by improving customer occupation classifications. And finally, elevating agent/client interactions with live core transcription and analysis using AI. Slide 10 highlights the pleasing performance of our Agencies division. Over the past year, the division delivered over AUD 1 billion in premium, making significant strides towards our medium-term margin target of 45%. All components within the Agencies division performed very well. The General Commercial segment, operating under the 360 branded family of agencies, continues its rapid growth and reached a milestone of AUD 500 million in premium during FY 2024. Our Strata portfolio is also performing strongly, with existing Strata agencies, SUU and Longitude, now complemented by the newly launched Rubix Underwriting, a commercial Strata agency. Additionally, the Specialty agencies under the SURA brand have had a successful year, while the acquisition of Pacific Indemnity, effective from 1 July, will further bolster our growth in FY 2025. Slide 11 provides an overview of Pacific Indemnity, the underwriting agency we invested in as of 1 July, 2024. This slide is an updated exert from the materials we used to announce the strategic investment. The addition of Pacific Indemnity to our Specialty portfolio significantly enhances our scale and capabilities, opening new avenues for growth. And while it is early days, we are pleased to see this new business continuing to perform well. Slide 12 highlights profit growth achieved in New Zealand for FY 2024. Revenue growth of 25.6%, combined with a 740 basis points margin expansion, resulted in EBIT growth of 57.4%. After several years of challenging profit performance in New Zealand, we are pleased with the progress made in recent years. FY 2024 saw organic profit growth of 26.3%, further bolstered by a 10.5% profit increase from acquisitions. Additionally, a reduction in spending on Lola, our major technology platform investment in New Zealand, contributed an additional 22.4% increase in profits. It is important to note that this profit boost is not expected to continue, as we anticipate increased spending in Lola in FY 2025, reverting to FY 2023 levels. During the year, we completed nine acquisitions in New Zealand and took various portfolio actions, including one equity step-up and two equity step-downs. Slide 13 highlights the performance of Tysers during its first full year under AUB ownership. On a normalized basis, the underlying EBIT grew by 14.1% for the year. This takes into account constant currency, some one-off items and the fact that Tysers was only owned for nine months in the prior period. We continue to realign portfolios and business areas, enhanced broking teams and also reduced costs to boost the long-term profitability of the business. Looking ahead, we will refer to this division as International, which will include Tysers wholesale as well as the new UK retail division and any other investments made outside of Australia and New Zealand. Moving to slide 14. When we announced the acquisition of Tysers in May 2022, we set a target of achieving AUD 25 million in annual synergy benefits on a run rate basis by the end of FY 2024. I'm pleased to report that, by the end of June 2024, we exceeded this target. We delivered AUD 11.2 million in revenue synergies, primarily through the placement of AUB agency binders with Tysers, along with ongoing cost savings of AUD 16.9 million largely due to reductions in head count and other expenses. Going forward, we will no longer reference synergies and simply account for these as BAU. Slide 15. We have also delivered a step change in the execution of our UK retail strategy. Last year, we announced our intention to establish a significant UK retail broking business by leveraging our owner-driver business model, coupled with the successful strategies we've honed in Australia and New Zealand. I'm pleased to report promising progress over the past few months. Our investment in Momentum Broker Solutions announced in June 2024, was completed on the 31st of July. Additionally, earlier this week, we reached an agreement to acquire a significant equity stake in the Movo Group, subject to regulatory approval. Momentum operates a network of over 100 non-equity brokers, managing approximately £90 million in premium. The Movo Group comprising a network of more than 100 brokers, both equity and non-equity, places a further £100 million in premium. In addition, Movo also owns a stake in an innovative quote, bind, issue software platform similar to ExpressCover. Together with our existing Tysers retail operations, these developments mean we now have a stake in a UK retail operation with more than 200 broking partner businesses, placing in excess of £300 million in premium. This provides AUB Group with substantial retail scale in the UK and significant opportunities for growth. I'll now hand to Mark. Thanks, Mike. Slide 17 shows the AUB Group funding and interest update. Funding initiatives during FY 2024 included a AUD 225 million equity raise and restructuring our debt with a new AUD 850 million multi-tenor facility and a 260-basis-point reduction in interest margin. On 30 June, 2024, the head entity had AUD 171.3 million of cash on hand and AUD 300 million in undrawn debt. The 1.28 times leverage ratio is well below the covenant maximum of 3 times. At 31 July, 2024, the leverage ratio had increased to 1.62 times as cash and undrawn debt had reduced to AUD 337 million due to acquisitions which completed in July. As of 30 June, 2024, on a look-through basis, AUB Group earns income on AUD 1.1 billion in trust and operating cash, while its share of debt stood at AUD 653 million. By 1 January, 2025, after outflows for the FY 2024 final dividend and currently known M&A activity, this balance of cash and debt will be approximately equal. And as a result, any change in interest rates after January 2025 will have no P&L impact. To round out this matter, prior to 31 January, 2025, if interest rates globally reduced by 25 basis points for the period 1 July, 2024 to 31 January, 2025, i.e., for seven months, the impact on underlying NPAT would be a reduction of AUD 400,000. Slide 18 sets out the mix of currencies that Tysers is exposed to. 60% of Tysers' income is earned in US dollars, whilst expenses are mainly incurred in pound sterling. To mitigate this risk, we have in place a multiyear series of monthly forward contracts to sell 65% of Tysers' US dollar income for pound sterling. On slide 19, the top graph shows the pleasing EPS growth over the past three years of 12.3% in FY 2022, 33.7% in FY 2023 and 21.2% in FY 2024. The board has proposed an increase in the final dividend to AUD 0.59 per share, resulting in a full year dividend of AUD 0.79 per share. In FY 2023, an additional metric, the three-year average return on invested capital, was added to the AUB Group long-term incentive scheme. We have included on this slide what the three-year average would have been for the periods ending on each of FY 2022, FY 2023 and FY 2024. The three-year average to FY 2024 was 12.7%. The one-year ROIC for FY 2024 in isolation was 11.8%. Slide 20 highlights progress with our ESG ambitions. Our natural and inherent strength relates to the governance pillar. As an organization, we're good at recognizing risks, finding a balanced approach to measuring and managing them, and then taking action to govern and mitigate these risks. It is important to note that we are preparing our compliance with the new Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard 1, leading to our ESG report being audited for FY 2026. We're pleased during FY 2024 to once again be accredited as a great place to work and to receive a AA ESG rating from MSCI. I'll now hand back to Mike. Thanks, Mark. Turning to slide 22. With operating leverage being a key earnings driver, I'd like to reaffirm our medium-term margin targets. We've consistently improved margins across all AUB divisions over several years. However, there remains significant opportunity to enhance these margins further. By continuing to execute the initiatives already underway in each division, we are confident that we can achieve our medium-term targets. Taking this earnings potential theme further, slide 23 shows the multiple long-term profit growth levers for AUB Group. We've outlined the expected impact of each lever across three key divisions: retail broking in Australia and New Zealand, including BizCover; the underwriting agencies; and the newly named International division. I'd like to draw your attention to a few high-level themes. Firstly, M&A, new business growth, and technology; these are the top priorities offering the highest potential impact across all divisions. Secondly, consolidation and specialization; this remains a crucial initiative, particularly within our Australia and New Zealand operations. And finally, cost reduction, which continues to be a key focus for our International division. Turning to our outlook and guidance. As slide 24 shows, we expect another strong year of earnings growth. The slide shows the forecast for AUB Group's FY 2025 NPAT, which is expected to be in the range of AUD 190 million to AUD 200 million. This represents growth of 11.1% to 16.9% over FY 2024, driven by organic growth of 7.2% to 10.1% and acquisition growth of 6.7% to 9.6%. To determine this forecast, we have factored in anticipated net headwinds, including the cost of new broking teams and the timing impact of realigning international bonus cycles to match the AUB Group financial year. At the bottom of the slide, we also show the forecast growth in EPS for FY 2025, reflecting the full year impact of the increased share count from equity raises during FY 2024, which reduced the forecast growth in EPS for FY 2025. I'll now hand back to the moderator for questions. Thank you. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  The first question comes from Scott Hudson at MST. Please go ahead. Hey. Good morning, Mike and Mark. Just a couple of questions. Mark, I was expecting to see some funding cost benefits in 2025 given the lower margin. Is that, I guess, negated by increased borrowings? Right. Did you hear me? Sorry. That's correct, Scott. And then just in relation to the Australian broking business, can I understand why we're sort of seeing lower seasonality than historically across that division? Scott, I think the – well, the seasonality is slightly lower, but not materially. And it's – part of it is just an element of timing around some of the bolt-on acquisitions. So, they're not material, but they do slightly shift the seasonality. Thanks. And then just on the UK retail strategy, does the guidance capture any, I guess, benefits from expected cost savings from, I guess, the costs within Tysers allocated to retail broking at this point? They don't, but before everyone goes away and gets carried away, so think really what – a couple of things. The first is that, obviously, the Movo acquisition or investment that we announced the press two days ago, that is subject to regulatory approval. And so we have to get the regulatory approval. We have to complete on that before we can start the process. And so it's very early in the cycle. So, I think we should imagine that FY 2025 is about putting the platform in place to then deliver benefits in FY 2026. I think that is probably the safest way to think about it, Scott. And, obviously, there's some upside potential in the second half depending on timing, but there's equally some downside risk depending on timing. Thanks. And then just the last one from my perspective. Mark, the operating cash flow performance  (00:23:58) looks quite poor. Historically, you've converted quite a high portion of NPATA to cash,  but I didn't particularly know (00:24:07) this period. Anything, I guess, negatively impacting that? I'm not really sure of the question, I'm afraid, Scott. Are you referring to the slide in our deck of slide 42? No, just looking at the operating cash in the financials. I can take it offline. I'll get back to you later. Yeah. If you look at slide 42, there's a conversion of profits to cash and it singles out the acquisition and other one-off costs in 2024 that impacted that. And once you factor that out, you'll see that the adjusted operating cash flow increases pretty well in line with the increase in statutory profit. Appreciate it. Thank you. Scott, the short answer is the impact is primarily the Department of Justice payment. Sure. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Your next question comes from Andrei Stadnik from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Morning. Very quick one. Just double checking that the Movo acquisition itself is included in guidance? Yes. Yes. Correct, Andrei. Obviously, with some assumption. Effectively, it's included in guidance for the second half. There are assumptions around timing. We, obviously, don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of presupposing when regulatory approval will come through. But, yes, we have made an assumption around that for at least the second half, we will have completed on Movo. Thank you. And then on the agencies division, with Pacific Indemnity deal now complete and really there for the full FY 2025, are you expecting further progress on the EBIT margin in the agency division in 2025 and also progress in terms of just building out that business as a platform with broader capabilities? Yeah. So, I guess, short answer, yes. But if you said to me, what are the tailwinds and headwinds in agencies, I think the first is just a general sense of the agencies have been performing exceptionally for several years. Obviously, it's very dangerous to get a bit  (00:26:34) and go into a new year assuming that it's going to be another year of exceptional performance. So there's an element of building that in, not simply extrapolating FY 2024 performance. The second unknown is the profit commissions. And so you might note that, in FY 2024, we had a please – if our average budget assumption is a 50% profit commission outcome, we had a better than traditional budgeted outcome in FY 2024. In 2025 or for 2025, we've assumed – we've reverted back to our 50% assumption on maximum potential profit commission. So it's just impossible at this stage for us to know whether we're going to be better or worse than that. So that's the second piece, Andrei. So, clearly, there's upside, but there's also downside risk on that. And then the third piece is obviously with Pacific Indemnity, which is around – it's very, very recent after completion on that. It's too soon for us to extrapolate in terms of what the growth prospects might be beyond our acquisition case and also what are the margin improvement opportunities. So, again, our assumption is – I wouldn't say it's conservative, but it's sensible in terms of assuming that they will achieve the acquisition case, assuming that there will be no incremental margin improvements in the rest of our agencies business as a result of that acquisition in FY 2025, but rather that those will flow through in 2026 and going back to the profit commission that we'll revert back to our standard budget assumption or forecast assumption at this stage of 50% of maximum potential. Thank you. Thanks so much. Thank you. Your next question comes from Siddharth Parameswaran from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Good morning, gentlemen. A few questions, if I can. Mike, I just wanted to clarify your comments around the pricing cycle. I think you mentioned 6% is what you are seeing as the premium rate growth. Was that for the full year? Because I think you said 7% in the first half, so that implies some pullback, and was hoping if you could just make some comments on the outlook and particularly the conditions that you saw at 30 June. No. So, because the business is so second half weighted in Australia, Sid, you can't take our first half number and then just average it out. So I think the 6% is our observation about a full year weighted average. And then my other comments were, over the last five years, in three of the five years, the same risk, same client, same insurer or same risk coverage, I should say, was in the 6% to 7% range. Only in two of the five years, was it higher than that. And I guess, there's a piece which is around – so, from our point of view, it's not materially different to our long-term average. And therefore, I guess there's a piece around saying, look, we don't believe there's a material impact on the business from premium rates. Even if there were, we don't believe that there is a material shift in the rate cycle. If you look at the insurer results on balance, we don't see evidence that there is actual commercial rate trends that we see of any materiality or significance. And so apart from some pockets, our view is the rate rises are in the long-term average range that we've experienced and that's our observation. Sorry. And just a specific question around 30 June and what you were seeing late because that's a good indicator as to what we might actually see going forward. So, in general, over the last five years, what we've observed is the June rate is about 1% lower than our average. And so we're – the average for the year was 6% then June would have been 5%. But that's no different to the differential on average over the last five years. Okay. Okay. Thank you. If I could just ask about the long-term levers slide as well. There seems to be less in the dark green segment than there was six months ago. I was hoping you could comment on a couple of the pullbacks. It does look like the premium cycle chart, I think, has been scaled back in terms of level of greenness, and also, I think just some of the commercial arrangements as well, they're also a bit less green. I was hoping you could just comment on specifically what you've changed in terms of your thinking. Well, probably the most pertinent set of changes are that the categories are slightly different in terms of the divisions. I know that's unhelpful when we do that. But I did – maybe I was too subtle in calling it out earlier. So, retail broking is only Australia/New Zealand BizCover. It doesn't include UK broking, which the six-month ago classification did. And international is not just wholesale broking. It's all international. And so, that drives a series of changes rather than changes in the actual types of potential. Okay. And just a final question... You're right in term – sorry, Sid, just in terms of – apart from that, I think premium rate is probably the one where – previously – I think, probably, to be honest, we were more swayed by the consensus argument that premium rates are a tailwind. We don't actually believe that, to be honest. So, this probably more accurately reflects what we've observed for the last five years, frankly. Yes. Okay. And just – sorry, one final question, which is just around the organic growth guidance that you're targeting at 7.2% to 10.1%. I was hoping you could just help us unpack where you're seeing some of that growth. And the particular question I have relating to this is also just one of your listed competitors has really called out pressures on the agencies segment around costs rising, increased requirements from underwriters and whether you're factoring that into that growth guidance as well. Not particularly. I mean, I think the – there's an element of that, but there has been an element of that for a couple of years now. So, we built that in last year as well. So – I mean, it's probably worth emphasizing that at this stage, if you go back a few years, on average, every year the combination of organic and acquisition growth if you exclude the Tysers' one quarter, which was a timing differential on acquisition, so if you exclude Tysers, for the last four years, the organic plus acquisition growth that we show in this – at the time of the results is in a 10% to 15%, technically 9.5% to 16.8% range over the last, including this one, four years. So, the 11.1% to 16.9% or actually, if you just take organic and acquisition of 13.9% to 19.7%, is actually quite bullish guidance for us at this stage. So, I was intrigued to read some of the early notes where people were saying, it's a pullback or a soft guidance. We actually think it's exactly on – in line with what our traditional guidance approach has been at this early stage and at the start of the year. Okay. But in particular, just a question about Underwriting Agencies, where I think quite a few in the market have been very clear that there's increased expectations from insurance companies with some of the new regulatory requirements that are there and that are placed on them. Is that – are you saying you're not seeing any of that? Well, there has been – I mean, they're not new things for FY 2025, right? I mean, those have been in place for the last 12 months. And in fact, we started implementing many of those changes in FY 2023, not just FY 2024. So, I guess, there's a piece which is around – if you said what will affect the pace of growth in the agency profits, well, firstly, we're much bigger and so there's a natural – at a percentage level – in absolute terms, the dollar improvement might perpetuate, but the reality is at a percentage level, it appears to slow, purely because of scale and significance. And the second one is, we have built those costs in, but they're not differential for FY 2025. They were in FY 2024. Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Your next question comes from Julian Braganza with Goldman Sachs. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Just a first question  on – yeah, (00:36:57) just following on from the organic growth comment. So, just in relation to FY 2024, I think you sort of  (00:37:04) 20 – I think it's like-for-like 20% organic growth and then now in FY 2025 sort of moderating down to 7% to 10%, and I think even in dollar term  (00:37:15)... First thing, you need to compare guidance with guidance rather than guidance with actual. There's a big difference in the risk and confidence profile of the year past versus the year ahead. So, you have to go back and look at what was the guidance for FY 2024 in August 2023 versus the guidance for FY 2025 in August 2024. In FY 2023, the guidance ex the Tysers', let's call it, one quarter extra, was 13.7% to 16.8%. And on a comparative basis, if you take organic growth and acquisition growth, it's 13.9% to 19.7%. So, the guidance on a like-for-like basis is the same to marginally better. It's very different between – you could apply that same logic to every result we've had for the last five years because every year, our guidance is – now that doesn't mean you can now say, well, ignore the guidance. It's just that it's a fresh slate, right? You're starting a new year with new dynamics, new market conditions, et cetera, and you're looking out to the future. Obviously, what we're hoping to do and we'll endeavor to do is to come in at the top or even beat guidance. But at this stage, on balance, it's 100% in line with our approach that we've applied for the last five years to determining what we think is going to happen in the year ahead, and is consistent with our ambition of always delivering double-digit profit growth. Okay. No, thanks for that. I mean, in terms of just FY 2024 versus FY 2025, is there anything materially different in terms of how you – in terms of what you're factoring in for FY 2025 on the organic growth side that – you mentioned New Zealand Lola technology costs, but is there anything else that could be coming into the FY 2025 numbers? No. I think probably the only no – so – I mean, I think about – if we go through it, probably the main one that we had as a tailwind in 2024 would be the Lola spend where we think it will revert to FY 2023 sort of spend levels. So, that will reduce the profit growth in New Zealand. Apart from that, I think there's also a piece which is around some of the levers we have, which is around how quickly do you seed – the reason we called out, for example, the new broking teams, these are not broking teams in Australia or New Zealand or in retail in the UK, these are some wholesale broking teams. If you were just looking at them on a 12-month basis, you would never recruit any of these teams because in the first 12 months, they have restraints, you can't – they don't generate any or much income. In the second year, they normally breakeven. In the third year, they are highly accretive. So, it's about more the balance and the pace. It's the same phenomenon for wholesale broking teams as it is for MGAs and seeding new MGAs. And so, the interesting dynamic for us is how quickly do we build those teams and businesses knowing that they have a dilutive effect on the first 12 months or in-year results, but actually are an important part of our growth in year three, and four and five. And so, I think we're quite good at balancing that piece. The reason I called this out is because above and beyond the normal ordinary component. this is, let's call it, a non-underlying piece, and therefore, we called it out. We're not saying that it's not an impact. We're not trying to make excuses, but it's just so that people get a feel for what we believe the underlying profit growth potential is of the business. Okay. No, thanks for that one. Just a second question in terms of the debt headroom post Movo, what would that look like, just post that? Well, we're not saying how much we're paying  for all those (00:41:35)... We're not attributing a specific – it's not – from our point of view, it's not a category that is material enough to warrant disclosure. But there will be plenty of debt headroom. Okay. Thank you. And don't forget also, there's the Tysers' earn-out in January, and we do have the ability to upsize our facility... [Abrupt End] 
            