
            Management Discussion: Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome all of you to the Credicorp Limited's Second Quarter 2024 conference call. A slide presentation will accompany today's webcast, which is available in the Investor section of Credicorp's website. Today's conference call is being recorded. As a reminder, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation.  Now, it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Credicorp's IRO, Milagros Cigüeñas. You may begin. Thank you and good morning, everyone. Speaking on today's call will be Gianfranco Ferrari, our Chief Executive Officer and Alejandro Perez-Reyes, our Chief Financial Officer. Participating in the Q&A session will also be Francesca Raffo, Chief Innovation Officer; Cesar Rios, Chief Risk Officer; Diego Cavero, Head of Universal Banking; Cesar Rivera, Head of Insurance and Pensions; and Carlos Sotelo-Mibanco, Chief Financial Officer. Before we proceed, I would like to make the following Safe Harbor statement. Today's call will contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks uncertainties. And I refer you to the forward-looking statements section of our earnings release and recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new or changed events or circumstances. Gianfranco Ferrari will start the call with opening remarks about our improved macro environment and brief comments on our detailed strategy execution. Followed by Alejandro Perez-Reyes, who will present in more detail the evolution of key macro themes, our financial performance and revised outlook for 2024. Gianfranco, pleases go ahead. Thank you, Milagros. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. During the quarter, we made significant progress in executing our strategic initiatives across most of our operations, resulting in a sound first half of the year. Our financial results were robust, ending the quarter with resumed loan growth, a resilient risk-adjusted NIM and a solid balance sheet. Importantly, as the economy improves, we are well-positioned to continue to leverage additional opportunities and advance on our mission to efficiently provide products and services that meet our clients' needs while promoting financial inclusion. Before I turn to discussing several specific areas of our focus of Credicorp, I'd like to comment on the context in which we operate in, particularly in Peru. GDP growth projections from local economies have been revised upwards and now align with our expectations of GDP growth of 3% for 2024. Improved weather conditions have broadly benefited the economy, especially the fishing, agriculture and textile industries. Despite the ongoing government fragility, inflation remains among the lowest in the Latin American region with improved purchasing power paving the way for the central bank to further reduce its benchmark interest rate. With this, our team is expecting the consumer segment to improve in the second half of the year. These factors, combined with increased public investment and high copper and gold prices, underscore expectations for economic growth, highlighting Peru's resilience. Turning now to our second quarter results. We delivered a sound ROE of 16.2%, driven mainly by Universal Banking, Insurance, and Investment Management & Advisory, supported by improved loan growth and high transactional activity in a recovering economy. Risk-adjusted NIM remained resilient, reflecting strengthened balance sheet dynamics, a disciplined interest rate management strategy and our leading low-cost funding position, which together compensate for our controlled, although still high, level of provisions. Additionally, having declared our dividend last quarter, we maintain a strong solvency and balance sheet position, both of which are crucial to navigating the current rate cycle headwinds. We continue to see significant benefits from investing in innovation and enhancing our digital capabilities, which are fortifying our competitive moat, elevating our relationship with current clients and expanding financial inclusion. Looking ahead, we maintain our GDP growth projection expectation of 3% for this year and expect a similar outlook for 2025. I'd like to take a few moments to address the performance of Mibanco Peru. We believe we have the right hybrid business model strategy, which combines high-touch, in-person visits from relationship managers with digital tools, including centralized risk assessment and an expert team in place. However, we are currently working on extraordinary circumstances. Systemic issues are affecting the Peruvian microfinance industry, characterized by a high, complex credit cycle where delinquencies and cost of risk are at the highest level since 2008. Although we are seeing  (00:06:00) rebound in consumer behavior, the most vulnerable segments served by microfinance will be the last to recover. In this context, while Mibanco is performing better than its peers, ROE fell short of our expectations, and we still do not feel comfortable with respect to the risk assessment of our portfolio. We're currently conducting a thorough review of our risk capabilities while keeping a strong focus on efficiency and expect to have a much better assessment in the upcoming quarter. Since launching our Microfinance business in 2009, we have navigated various market cycles, generating good returns for the period. I am confident that our profitability will recover, although gradually than anticipated. We remain the industry leader in supporting the significant and essential population segment that Mibanco serves in Peru. In Mibanco Colombia, we implemented a strategy last year to put our business back on course, which included management changes. While there is still much work to be done, this business is now performing better in relative terms and is in line with our expectations. To sum up, we remain fully committed to the long-term potential of Mibanco and believe that it offers a valuable contribution to Credicorp's portfolio of businesses. Turning to the next slide. We're proud to have a premier disruptive financial franchise in Latin America, underpinned by a well-defined strategy and clear goals. Our strategy is geared towards delivering the best experience in the most efficient way to remain competitive while investing in long-term sustainable growth. Since 2022, we have ramped up our investments in innovative and disruptive initiatives to improve our digital and analytical capabilities, positioning us to become an omni-channel financial services company with a deep understanding of our customer needs. We are now seeing tangible results in both our core businesses like BCP and our disruptive ones like Yape. These initiatives are delivering more digital customers. Digital clients and digital monetary transactions have increased 9 percentage points and  (00:08:25) percentage points respectively year-over-year, with digital clients growing more than 21% points in the last two years. We have greater customer engagement, increased primary banking relationships and expanded deposits  which provide (00:08:41) access to highly competitive funding. At BCP, enhanced customer insights, increased client touchpoints and strengthened digital analytical capabilities are delivering positive results. We can now offer our customers tailor-made products, leading to increased engagement and higher satisfaction as reflected in the 11 percentage points improvement in our consumer clients in the last two years. Our development of digital distribution ecosystem has boosted income while reducing unit costs. As a result of these initiatives, BCP's efficiency ratio has fallen 190 basis points in the last five years. Leveraging our digital capabilities, we are meeting banking needs anytime, anywhere, and creating a positive network effect driving sustainable growth. Our aim is to develop world-class solutions and features that bring them back into the financial system and retain customers. Additionally, we're committed to continuing our investment in technology and digital transformation, provided it continues to drive growth, develop efficiencies and optimizes our businesses in the long run. This strategic approach to investing ensures that we not only lead today but also secure our success for tomorrow. Finally, I'd like to give you a brief update on Yape. Alejandro will go into more detail shortly and will take a deeper dive doing our Crediorp's Strategic Update event on September 26. With over 15.9 million customers, and income per active user of PEN 4.1, up from PEN 3.7 in Q1, I am proud to announce that in Q2 Yape reached and surpassed breakeven ahead of our expectations. Income growth accelerated and diversified with the continued addition of functionality in all three lines of business. Our investment in Yape is clearly paying off. According to  (00:10:52), Yape is now the top-of-mind brand in Peru across any industry. Now, let me welcome Alejandro to his first results call as our CFO. He will discuss in more detail the macro environment and the operational and financial performance of our business units. Alejandro, go ahead. Thank you, Gianfranco, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to join you on my first call as CFO. I look forward to building on the solid foundation that has been set and is reflected today in our strong solvency, strong balance sheet and stable profitability. Moving on to quarterly results, as Gianfranco mentioned, we delivered solid overall operating and financial results. As I discuss the highlights of the quarter, I will focus on the year-over-year results which are not impacted by seasonality. Loans began trending upward to stand at 2.9%, measured in quarter end balances. Measured in average daily balances, loan growth stood at 0.2%, driven primarily by an uptick in mortgage volumes of BCP and BCP Bolivia. This quarter, local deposits continued to grow and now represent 54.5% of total deposits. Despite the reduction in Peru's policy rate, we delivered higher NIM on the back of amortization of government program loan, repricing of our retail loan book in sol to reflect the higher cost of risk and the repricing of our dollar book. NII grew 8.2%, boosted by the aforementioned dynamics. Other core income, which is the sum of fee income and gains on FX operations, evolved strongly, boosted by BCP and to a lesser extent by Credicorp Capital.  (00:12:38) BCP benefited from monetization initiatives at Yape and solid transactional activity through credit and debit cards. Lastly, insurance underwriting results rose 6.4%, which reflected our reduction in expenses from the disability and survivorship product in the life business. The cost of risk rose to 3%, driven by a weakening of payment capacities in SME-Pyme and a deterioration in payment performance in credit cards. The NPL ratio rose 33 basis points to 6%, as delinquency increased, mainly through consumer mortgage and credit card loans at BCP. Consequently, NPL coverage stood at 95%. This quarter, we delivered an ROE of 16.2% on the back of solid expansion in margins and uptick in transactional activity and disciplined cost control. Next slide, please. The Peruvian economy continues to recover. Economic activity increased 5% year-over-year in May. Estimates indicate that GDP expanded 4% year-over-year in the second quarter, the highest quarterly growth rate in almost three years. The agricultural, fishing and primary manufacturing sectors accounted for approximately half of GDP growth, bolstered by the results of the first fishing season, which was canceled in 2023. Non-primary sectors grew close to 3% year-over-year. High commodity prices, particularly of copper and gold, which make up 50% of our exports, grow in terms of trade to a historical high in May. Although they have not yet translated into overall growth, it should act as a tailwind for the coming quarters and years, especially if a new mining and business cycle materializes with the execution of large projects such as Tía María, Zafranal,  (00:14:26) among others, which will require more than $6 billion in investment. Additionally, the inauguration of the Chancay port, which is slated for November, will also help with the economy in the medium-term. Public investment has ramped up. In the first half of the year, it increased nearly 30% year-over-year in real terms, the highest  (00:14:47) in 12 years, excluding the pandemic. As for public-private investment projects, PROINVERSIÓN awarded $5.1 billion in the first six months of 2024, the highest amount granted in 10 years out of an $8 billion goal for the entire year. According to the Ministry of Economy and Finance, this amount is expected to double in 2025. The central bank expectations indicators have recovered positioning in the optimistic range in four of the last five service, a trend not seen since before the pandemic. Given the current economic environment and despite political challenges, we reaffirm our forecast that Peru GDP will grow around 3%. Next slide please.   (00:15:33) central banks are ahead of the United States in the  (00:15:36) cycle. Market participants take fed rate cuts in coming months but  (00:15:41) regarding the pace, of such elevated rate in dollars continue to challenge emerging markets. In Peru, headline inflation currently sits comfortably within the target range, while core inflation stands at the upper limit of the range. However, in July, core inflation showed less persistence compared to previous months. Consequently, yesterday, Peru Central Bank cut its policy rate by 25 basis points to 5.5%, accumulating a total reduction of 225 basis points since September of 2023. The rate is expected to stand around 5% by the end of the year. In Colombia, inflation remains among the highest of the region, at 6.9% year-over-year in July. Although the central bank has lowered its policy rate to 150 basis points since December, it remains high at 10.75%. Finally, in Chile, the central bank has gradually reduced the pace of monetary easing and decided to pause in July, as the bulk of the cuts have already occurred and upward inflation risks  perceived (00:16:46). Next slide please. BCP results remained strong, boosted by a rebound in economic activity and an uptick in liquidity across the financial system. Analyzing key quarter-over-quarter dynamics, what we see is that total loans measured in daily average balances grew 1.3%, driven mainly by a rebound in short-term wholesale loans. NII rose 1.9%, fueled by an uptick in interest income from loans via short-term financing in Corporate Banking and a drop in interest expenses via increasing the share of low-cost deposits. Loan loss provisions rose 29.4%. If we isolate the impact of the reversal of El Niño provisions that took place in the first quarter of 2024, provisions fell 3%. This decline was driven by a drop in provision for consumer and mortgage loans, which was partially offset by an increase in wholesale provisions. Other income grew 11.2%, driven mainly by fee income, which was bolstered by growth in payments though Yape and uptick in transactions and disbursement fees at BCP and a rise in gains on FX transactions through growth in operations via digital channel. On a year-over-year basis, NII grew 10.4%, fueled mainly by growth in interest income and loans. Growth in local deposit triggered a decrease in interest expenses, which also contributed to the uptick in NII. Loan loss provisions rose 29.1% due to the deterioration in old vintages, particularly among loans originated in the first half of 2023 and mainly in SME-Pyme and creditors. Other income rose 16.7%, impacted by growth in fee income via Yape and by an uptick in credit and debit card transactions. Operating expenses increased 11.3% year-to-date. This was driven mainly by an increase in the head count of specialized digital talent and an uptick in cloud services. In this context, BCP's contribution to ROE stood at 23.7%. BCP Bolivia  posted good results (00:18:59) in the second quarter of this year  (00:19:02) within its lower risk wholesale portfolio and growing transactional fees. Next slide, please. As anticipated, we are gradually increasing disclosure for Yape. Today, I would like to announce that revenue generation at Yape continues to accelerate and reached the breakeven milestone in May. Ongoing growth in Yape's revenues, which rose 1.5 times versus the print in the second quarter of last year, reflects consistent advances in its three business lines. Yape's Payments business line, which is the main generator of income, grew through bill payments, where transaction volume rose  4.96 times (00:19:41) and we had a total payment volume, which increased 111% compared to the second quarter of last year. Within the Financial business line, in addition to the margin obtained from floating based on deposit balances, micro loans became an income generator. In the second quarter of 2024, disbursements of single installment and multi-installment loans grew 3.2 times year-over-year. Despite strong growth, the Financial business line is in its early stages. We are developing differentiated risk management capabilities based on transactional data from daily use, which should help us grow this line profitably. Finally, within the Marketplace business, gross merchant volume doubled year-over-year. Next slide, please. Moving on to Mibanco. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, the microfinance industry continued to evolve in a complicated context. At Mibanco, total loans, measured in average daily balances, fell 3.2%, impacted by stricter origination policies and lower demand for loans in general. This drop reflects a contraction in higher ticket loans, which was partially offset by growth in small ticket higher yield loans. Despite drop in loans, NII increased 1.9%, mainly due to the drop in the cost of funding after the funding rate was repriced to take advantage of lower rates. In this context, NIM increased 19 basis points and stood at 13.6%. If we isolate the impact of El Niño provision reversal of last quarter, provisions rose 19.8%. This evolution reflected a deterioration in the payment performance of old vintages, higher write-offs and weakening in the payment capacity of vulnerable clients who continue to be impacted by adverse events in 2023. From a year-over-year perspective, NII was up 2.6%. The uptick in interest income was boosted by income from the investment portfolio and by a drop in interest expenses after the funding base was repriced. Provisions increased 31.6% due to the same dynamics mentioned earlier. Operating expenses on a year-to-date basis remain under control and efficiency stood at 52.1%. Finally, ROE stood at 5.4%, negatively impacted by the contraction in loans and high provision levels. This [Technical Difficulty] (00:22:09) was similar across the microfinance industry and reflect the challenges of our complex credit cycle. Mibanco Colombia have been impacted by deteriorating economic conditions, ongoing high inflation, very high funding rate and a reduction in the interest rate ceiling. We have a profitable growth strategy where we have low portfolio growth by emphasizing risk control and efficiency. These strategies lead us to perform better in relative terms and in line with our expectations. Next slide, please. Profitability at Grupo Pacifico continued to be strong with ROE standing at 26.4%. In quarter-over-quarter terms, net income dropped 10%, negatively impacted by higher income tax expenses, other non-recurrent expenses and lower gains from investment in  (00:22:58) corporate health insurance joint venture in particular. Insurance underwriting results rose 19%, primarily due to a base effect in the P&C business as reinsurance results normalized after a particularly unfavorable first quarter. The Life business also contributed positively as claims dropped, particularly for credit life and disability and survivorship products. From a year-over-year perspective, Grupo Pacifico's net income dropped 6%. This decline was primarily driven by growth in expenses for income tax and higher interest expenses associated with life insurance contracts. An improvement in insurance underwriting results, mainly via the Life business, partially offset these dynamics. Next slide, please. Profitability in Investment Management & Advisory business increased by 386 basis points quarter-over-quarter with ROE standing at 18.6%. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, net income registered a robust 27% increase. This positive dynamic was primarily attributable to an improvement in the performance of sales and trading in our Capital Markets business. The Trading Unit leveraged trade volatility to capitalize on opportunities. While the Sales Unit saw a surge in transactional activity among our corporate clients in Colombia. In addition, we raised a significant contribution from our now discontinued Corporate Finance business unit related to a bank deal. These favorable business dynamics were partially offset by a rise in income tax and expense. On a year-over-year basis, net income rose 12%, bolstered by the robust performance of our Capital Markets business. Both our Wealth and Asset Management businesses also contributed to the uptick, with AUMs climbing 15% and 20% in US dollars, respectively. These positive business dynamics were partially offset by a drop in Treasury results and an uptick in income tax expense. Next slide, please. Now, we will analyze Credicorp at a consolidated basis, starting with favorable balance sheet and pricing dynamics, which drove a strong NII. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, on the asset side, loan balances resumed growth driven primarily by wholesale lending and to a lesser extent by retail loans. This dynamic, coupled with favorable pricing, helped us maintain resilient yields on interest earning assets. On the liability side, our funding advantage in local deposits was further boosted by inflows from pension fund withdrawals. In this context, the funding cost fell 12 basis points, outpacing the reduction in the yield on interest earning assets, which fell 6 basis points. On a year-over-year basis, asset growth was driven by loan growth in the SME-Pyme, SME business and Middle Market segments of BCP. The investment portfolio balance also rose driven by our ongoing strategy to increase the duration of interest earning assets. These dynamics led the yield on interest earning assets to rise 25 basis points, despite a drop in interest rates. On the funding side, the aforementioned increase in low-cost deposits and a downward rerate of our time deposit balance led the funding cost to contract. This evolution was partially offset by an increase in wholesale funding cost, which was impacted by a BCP bond issuance earlier this year. These dynamics led the cost of funding to drop 5 basis points. Next slide, please. Our risk-adjusted NIM remained resilient, supported by growth in NII, which, alongside the rise in fee income and FX transactions, boosted core income. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, NIM increased 3 basis points to stand at 6.33%, while risk-adjusted NIM stood at 4.4%. If we isolate the effect of a reversal in El Niño provisions last quarter, risk-adjusted NIM was flat. Core income increased 3.9%, bolstered by NII and strong growth in both fee level and FX transaction volumes where the main drivers were BCP and Credicorp Capital. At BCP, growth in the fee level was fueled mainly by Yape and by core transactional services. Income from FX transactions grew 31.1%, bolstered by transactions through digital channels and Wholesale Banking. At Credicorp Capital, core businesses drove a fully fee income result. On a year-over-year basis, NIM rose 31 basis points, while risk-adjusted NIM fell 31 basis points. Growth in other income was driven by BCP due to the same dynamics seen quarter-over-quarter. Next slide, please. Let's look at the dynamics for asset quality. It is important to note that the diversity of BCP's loan portfolio provides a natural buffer in the context of a challenging credit cycle for the Peruvian financial system. Mibanco, on the other hand, is more exposed given that it is concentrated in microbusiness clients who are more vulnerable. Cost of risk of Credicorp stood at 3%. Underlying risk, which isolate the effects of the reversals of El Niño provision, was flat quarter-over-quarter. Let's go through underlying risk dynamics. Provisions grew 2.4% quarter-over-quarter driven by Mibanco and partly offset by BCP. At Mibanco, growth in provisions was triggered by a deterioration in the payment performance of old vintages, which was concentrated in high ticket loans, higher write-offs and a weakening in the payment capacity of vulnerable clients. Within BCP, the contraction in provisions was driven by Consumer, which reported a drop in new refinancing and by Mortgage, where an improvement in payment capacity was observed as clients  leverage decreased (00:28:43). This evaluation was partially offset by growth in provisions in Wholesale due to a base effect and in Credit Cards due to further deterioration of payment performance among vulnerable clients. On a year-over-year basis, provisions rose 35.9%, mainly through BCP and Mibanco. Within BCP, provisions grew primarily through SME-Pyme and reflected weakening in the payment capacity of over-indexed clients and deterioration in the payment performance of old vintages. Additionally, provisions increased in Credit Cards via the same dynamics seen quarter-over-quarter. At Mibanco, the uptick in provisions was driven by the same dynamics as those seen quarter-over-quarter. Next slide, please. Moving on to non-performing loans. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, growth in non-performing loans was led by Mibanco and partially offset by BCP. At Mibanco, NPL growth was driven by an uptick in delinquency in government program loans, which have high coverage levels and by growth in delinquency in high ticket loans among vulnerable clients affected by concurrent adverse events in 2023. Within BCP, the drop in NPLs reflects an improvement within SME-Pyme, where underwriting processes for government loans are underway. This evolution was partially offset by an uptick in NPLs in Credit Cards and Mortgages among vulnerable clients who are highly leveraged and  (00:30:09). Deterioration in Credit Cards was concentrated in vintages originated through the first half of 2023. In this context, the NPL coverage ratio for total loans stood at 95% or 98.2% if we isolate the impact of government loans. We have learned lessons from this cycle and have taken measures to recover asset quality faster. At Mibanco, a significant and growing numbers of clients have seen their income shrink, which has led to higher indebtedness and weakened payment capacities. In this context, we have stepped up restrictions at the origination level as we are strengthening monitoring, collections and reprogramming evaluation processes. While Mibanco is performing better than its peers, we are still adjusting our risk management capabilities. At BCP, deterioration is concentrated in the vulnerable segment within individual clients. Despite  (00:31:01) temporary credit facilities, exposure and deterioration continues to persist in this segment. We are taking more aggressive action by selectively tightening origination guidelines in vulnerable individuals since May and by offering medium-term rescheduling to both Individuals and SME-Pyme clients in the second half of 2024. Next slide, please. We will review the evolution of efficiency on an accumulated basis to isolate the impact of seasonal effect. Operating expenses grew 9.2%, driven primarily by core businesses of BCP and disruptive initiatives at the Credicorp level. Core businesses at BCP fueled growth in expenses through an uptick in IT expenses related to moves to attract talent, to fill vacant positions and specialized digital talent, and increased use of the cloud as clients become more digital and transaction levels increase. Expenses for disruptive initiatives at the Credicorp level rose 29.2%. The most significant expenditures were in Yape, Tenpo and Culqi, which together accounted for 66% of this semester's disruptive expenses. Finally, an uptick in operating income and accelerating operating expenses led the efficiency ratio to drop 19 basis points to stand at 44.3% year-to-date in the first half of 2024. Next slide, please. This quarter, ROE stood at 16.2%, driven by strong results in our Universal Banking, Insurance and Investment Management & Advisory businesses. Meanwhile, the ROE for the semester was 17.2%. These results are a testament to our resilience and ability to adapt to changing circumstances. Now, I will move on to our updated guidance. Next slide, please. As previously stated, our GDP growth expectation remains unchanged at around 3%. Regarding loan growth, despite the recent pickup in wholesale lending, our still cautious approach to originations in our Retail Banking and Microfinance segments has led us to revise our guidance on total loan growth, measured in average daily balances, to the 1% to 3% range. Our NIM is expected to stand by the end of the year towards the upper end of our guidance, which is between 6% and 6.4%. We expect cost of risk to situate around the upper end of our guidance, which is between 2% and 2.5%. The credit cycle has proven to be longer and tougher than expected. Although we are confident on the effectiveness of the credit measures taken, the stress is likely to linger in the Individuals and Microfinance segments for the better part of the year. We achieved solid efficiency levels as we continue to invest in our disruptive initiatives. We are controlling growth in expenses at our core businesses to offset the aforementioned headwinds and expect to close the year with an efficiency ratio near the lower end of our guidance, which is between 46% and 48%. Given the aforementioned dynamics and the better-than-anticipated evolution of both our fee income and insurance underwriting results, we reaffirm our ROE guidance for 2024 at around 17%. With these comments, we can move to the Q&A session. 
            Questions and Answers: We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  Thank you. The first question comes from Ernesto Gabilondo with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Thank you. Hi. Good morning, Gianfranco, Alejandro, Francesca, Cesar, and good morning to the rest of the team, and thanks for the opportunity to ask questions. My first question will be on Mibanco and the microfinance industry in Peru and also in Colombia. How do you see the credit appetite and the indebtedness in the sector? Are you detecting any positive sign on the evolution of the clients, given that there will be an expected better outlook for the economy? Or will you continue to see different levels of deterioration in the asset quality? Any color on these would be very helpful. Yeah. Good morning, Ernesto. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we still don't feel comfortable where we stand in our portfolio – in terms of risk in the portfolio we have at Mibanco. As a matter of fact, we are tightening our credit policies over the last, I would say, the last quarter, I would say, because we still don't see any improvement in that business. But having said that, if we take a longer – if we have longer vision, going back, Mibanco – and the microfinance industry in Peru is a very relevant industry. Mibanco [Technical Difficulty] (00:36:45) the beginning and then Mibanco when we merged the two institutions, it has provided very sound and nice results. And going forward, we are still very positive on the fundamentals of the business. But I would say it's too soon to tell that we're seeing any improvement both in the market and within our risk capabilities. Colombia is a different story. Colombia is a much smaller play. Having said that, and taken into account that the Colombian environment overall for the banking system is much more complicated than the one in Peru, I would say that the Colombian – the Mibanco in Colombia has today a clearer path in terms of what has been done over the last six months. Perfect. Thank you very much. And just a second question your 2024 guidance. I think in your second quarter press release, you were indicating to expect fully growth in other income and disciplined management of operating expenses. So, can you elaborate on your expectations for other income? Is this coming because of Yape? Is this showing in fees or in other income? Just wanted to understand a little bit more on that. And then in terms of expenses, I don't know if you would be willing to postpone some  (00:38:24) projects to maintain OpEx under control? Alejandro? Sure. Going first to the fees, we are expecting the strong fees that we're seeing to continue along the year. Part of the expenses we've done over the last few years actually to increase our transactional capabilities and this is paying out in these fees that we're seeing right now. We expect it to continue. We are expecting both at the Yape level, also at the core business at BCP to increase. And so, we should see strong numbers along those lines going forward. As for expenses, we're controlling the cost to income. We are always looking into opportunities to be as efficient as possible, but we are not currently considering cutting any particular project that we are in [Technical Difficulty] (00:39:24). So, yeah, as long as we control for the cost to income, we are okay currently with that. Still, as I said, we always looking at expenses and that's the reason why I said that our guidance is to be on the lower side of the cost to income guidance and that is because we tend to choose some things, but there are smaller things,  but not necessarily (00:39:52) the big projects that we're working on. Welcome and thank you very much, Alejandro and Gianfranco. Thank you. The next question comes from Renato Meloni with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity to ask questions. Just to start, a follow-up here on Mibanco. During your initial remarks, you said that you are doing a better assessment of the situation in the upcoming quarters. So, I wonder if you could offer some more color on what this assessment is and maybe offer some order of magnitude in extra provisions that you might have to incur, and if that could materially impact the guidance. And then the second question here is just on the – what do you think is the driver for the increase in low-cost deposits? And if you expect that to increase during the rest of the year? Thank you. Yeah. I'll ask Cesar to take the first question and I'll take the second. Okay. Thank you. I would like to remind something that the Gianfranco has mentioned  (00:41:09) the general context of the market has been very challenging, particularly for the micro segment. You can say that we are doing a very thorough analysis for our internal capabilities and performance, and I would like to lead a little bit more light about what we mean for a thorough assessment. We are reviewing the entire process, checking, for example, our monitoring capabilities, how granular are there, what are we monitor? We are reviewing the performance and calibration of our models. How effectively are we combined our on the field capabilities with the modeling central system that compounds the hybrid model that we are convinced as the right one. But how finely tuned are these? And we are also reviewing cultural aspects that has been probably affected during a long period of a tough market, affecting the behavior of the clients and probably even our internal  RMs (00:42:16). So, summarizing everything, we're reviewing every considerable aspect of the credit process to be sure that even under very tough market circumstances, we are performing at the best possible level and we are finding opportunities to improve all around the lines that I already mentioned and the expectation is to have a clear picture in a quarter or so. I'll complement Cesar's answer, that goes beyond risk management at Mibanco. And we've talked about it in previous calls. I would say Mibanco, like most of the microfinance institutions in the traditional business, has been 99% focused in lending, and the whole microfinance industry has a strategic weakness, but the same opportunity in terms of gathering retail deposits or transactional deposits and improving the fee income business. Those are two levers that obviously will take time, but strategically is something that we're working at Mibanco that won't help in the short term for sure. The short term is what Cesar just mentioned, but in the longer path, we do see that Mibanco has an opportunity to actually start basically and improve those two sources of income. Going to your second question, the answer is quite direct and easy, is we've been investing in transactional capabilities for, I would say, I don't know, 15 years. And obviously, that doesn't pay off when interest rates are low [Technical Difficulty] (00:44:06) in environments like the one we've been living for the last, I don't know, 24 months, 18 months, whatever. And we will continue to invest. So, a few years ago, it was heavily investing in physical distribution capabilities. Today, it's heavily investing in digital distribution capabilities. And the most successful one so far has been Yape, but if you recall a few years ago, we started a strategy called  (00:44:42) that's exactly what's happening. We're not only improving in terms of market share, but the non-cash market has been growing steadily over the last few years. Thank you. That's clear. The next question comes from Brian Flores with Citi. Please go ahead. Hi, team. Thank you very much for the opportunity to ask questions. I have a question on Yape. As you mentioned, you achieved breakeven. I wanted to understand of it. How do you envision this going forward? The 33% quarter-over-quarter expansion on revenues, do you think it is sustainable, something that you already have within your budget? And also wanted to ask and confirm is, now that the investments have been mostly done on the technology side and the capability side, as you were mentioning on the transaction side, going forward this is purely, let's say, profit or, let's say, largest part of it from the revenue side will translate to profits directly, right, on this one? Thank you. Francesca? So, in addition to today's primary revenue streams for Yape, as mentioned before,  (00:46:09) and also in the beginning to the lending business, what I think is very strong for Yape in the future is that the monthly active users continue to grow at a fast pace and also the level of transaction that they have is continually increasing. If you look at a year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter comparison at the transactional level with 25 transactions per customer, now it's 40 transactions with a growth in new customers as well. So, the current pace of growth, I don't see, is slowing down on the revenue streams that we know, bill payments and floating, but what we are going to see is a difference in percentage in the relative growth rate of new businesses. We mentioned lending. We're growing fast on lending in terms of not still creating a large balance, but really incrementing the pace at which we lend for all Yape customers. We believe that 50% of the Yape base should be able to have lending products available. And also, the new revenue streams in terms of foreign exchange, remittances, which are highly a fee-based business, are also growing at a – still small, but also growing. And finally, the newer business models, which are Marketplace, we are currently having a lot of promotions, a lot of transactions around Yape, which gives us an optimistic view in terms of creating a new business line. Yeah. Maybe just to complement Francesca's answer, we've talked about it before. Bear in mind that what happens with these [Technical Difficulty] (00:48:14) startups actually is that they have a J-curve in terms of income and, therefore, profits. So, that's what's happening, building on what Francesca mentioned. Just on your last comment, don't get me wrong, we're not going to cut investments in technology. If we see an opportunity, we will continue investing in developing new features for our clients. And that's something that brings me to highlight in the meeting we're going to have in September 26, in which we are going to be deep diving in yet another tech initiative or the disruptive initiative, which, by the way, I invite you all. Perfect. If I just make a quick follow-up on your comment on Francesca's. As you were mentioning, you see a big opportunity in terms of lending via Yape. I also know from your presentation that you want to be cautious, right, on the Consumer segment. So, how do we reconcile these, let's say, more  timid (00:49:21) appetite on Consumer and Credit Cards with perhaps a better optionality here  (00:49:28) to originate lending via the apps? Thank you. Yeah. You mentioned the key word, optionality. The Peruvian market is – the labor market actually is, I don't know, 75% informal market. So, in the past, the whole financial system  had (00:49:50) two barriers for successfully lending to those segments. One is distribution costs and the other one is data. Obviously, by disbursing through the app, the distribution cost is marginally zero. And the models we are building, the risk models, I mean, we're building through the data we've gathered over the last few years in Yape have helped us in developing these new models. And so far, the performance, as Francesca mentioned, basically short-term loans have been very good. So, we'll go step-by-step, but we see a very large opportunity there. Super clear. Thank you. The next question comes from Tito Labarta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the call and taking my question. First question, just on the revision in the loan growth rate, a little bit lower despite still 3% GDP growth. Is this primarily related to Mibanco? I mean, what do you need to see here for loan growth to really improve from here, maybe  we start in there (00:51:16)? Sure. So, the revision is a reflection not only of what we're speaking about what has already happened during the year. The revision is on average daily balances. In the first half of the year, we have only grown in 0.2% in the average daily balances. So, that makes it harder to expect the 3% to 5% growth that we had earlier – before. So, we are expecting growth to pick up in the second half of the year. It's just that it is going to be in the specific areas and not necessarily as fast as we were expecting. But as the economy continues to grow, we're seeing rates coming down. We see there's low inflation, there's the investment on the private sector. And a lot of our leading indicators that show the growth is becoming more widespread. But at the beginning, it was very much on the primary sector. So, you didn't feel it necessarily on the loan book, but now it's becoming more widespread and we see a lot of different metrics that show that – we included in the presentation, the transactions with our credit and debit cards, that is a leading indicator that is moving stronger in different industries. Also, energy consumption is growing at a more robust pace. So, we see a lot of different indicators that show us that the economy should continue to improve and be more widespread and that's going to have an impact on the growth of the portfolio for second half of the year  and moves up to the 1% to 3% or not just (00:53:02) daily balances. But again, we are going to be selective in specific risks because the credit cycle is still not over. Okay. Thanks for that. And I guess, just on Mibanco again, to see the growth pick up there, I mean, why is it so weak, if the economy seems to be improving. Is this just because of the informality of those types of clients that's not necessarily captured in like the formal macro figures, just to understand why the continued weakness there, like what would it take for that to really begin to improve? Yeah. Tito, maybe a more structural answer and then a more short-term answer. The microfinance industry is a more volatile or – within our portfolio, the business has the highest volatility. And bear in mind that the microfinance sector has been hit since COVID like constantly in Peru, I mean. So, first COVID, then the terrible government we had, then the social unrest. And so it's been hit like for, I don't know, a period of three years or four years, something like that. And that's on one hand. On the other hand, this GDP growth, it takes time to trickle down to those segments. So, it's a matter of – I would say, it's a matter of time, but we do not have clarity as of today when it is that time coming to benefit that portfolio. Yeah. Maybe just to complement, the growth in the first half of the year has been very tied to primary sectors and hasn't come necessarily with a big increase in hiring in companies. Now, the good news is that today, when you look at the Central Bank expectation survey, all of the indexes are in the positive side, including the hiring expected for the next quarters. So, we are seeing more positive news. But still it has to go from the primary sector to the full economy. Yes. Okay. No, that makes sense. That's very helpful. And maybe just one follow-up on the, I guess, on the cost of risk there. I mean, you said that the higher end of the range, I mean, this quarter was a bit higher. First quarter was a bit lower but you had some reversals there. And you're sort of well above like historical levels. So just to put that in the context, I mean, do you think that remains a bit elevated maybe because of Mibanco like thinking into 2025 a little bit? Or can that improve going forward sort of significantly, maybe back to historical levels eventually?   (00:56:01) we are expecting to be in range on the upper side of the range. So, that certainly means that we are expecting some improvement during this year, still not necessarily this year going back to pre all of these conditions that Gianfranco mentioned to levels pre-recession and COVID, et cetera. So, this year, I think it's more of a transition year where will see a decrease, but slow decrease along the year  that should probably (00:56:30) help us get into the range but very much on the upper side, and hopefully, 2025 is a year where it normalizes. Yeah. And maybe complementing that. Regarding cost of risk, there are like two forces going in opposite directions. One is that if we stand still with the current portfolio, cost of risk should be lower going forward. But on the other hand, the retail portfolio overall is growing at a faster pace than the wholesale portfolio, and that portfolio has a higher cost of risk. Actually, what we manage is risk-adjusted NIM. We expect overall the risk-adjusted NIM to improve going forward. Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Gianfranco and Alejandro. The next question comes from Eric Ito with Bradesco BBI. Please go ahead. Eric, your line is live. Our next question comes from Yuri Fernandes with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Thank you and good morning, everyone. I have a follow-up on Yape on the breakeven and the loan growth, right, like you usually – Peru, you're provisioning in expected losses and we see a good growth on disbursement here. If you can share maybe the balances would help us, but I guess  to give (00:58:06) the number, the number of Yape loans, right, like 700,000 disbursement. My question here on the breakeven is the following, how are you provisioning for this? Are you building provisions ahead like basically this is penalizing your expenses? And even on expenses, is the total expenses line for Yape that you have in the table reflecting provisions? So, for instance, this is the breakeven basically. If this is the breakeven, considering the credit and the cost of credit, like the potential expected losses are not yet – like you are not including our provisions in those lines? Thank you very much, guys. [Technical Difficulty] (00:58:48) What you saw in the presentation is the overall cost as if Yape were a business unit by itself. So, I have all of the costs, including provisioning. Yape loans – the bulk of the portfolio of Yape is very short-term loans. So we provision whatever is needed, but actually it's the NPLs, the ones that generate provisions, the delinquencies are directly related to provisioning because since the loans are very, very short tenor, the typical way of provisioning doesn't apply to the Yape portfolio.   (00:59:39) Sorry, go ahead, Cesar. And the actual performance of the portfolio is much clearer and faster with deals in this kind of portfolio because you have very short maturities. So, in a very short period of time, you have a perfect profile of the payment expectation and  (00:59:59) based on that. No, thank you, guys. And just a follow-up on these loans. Why are you more confident with Yape loans than Mibanco? I know it's different, the nature of the business, but given with all the questions, everything we're seeing on Mibanco, like why are you confident that you can grow on the asset loss? What is different here? Yeah. A few reasons, Yuri. And we've discussed it about this issue before, because – so, Mibanco goes to micro businesses, Yape goes to consumer lending. You can argue and I may agree that at those levels, those segments is the same pocket or the pocket gets mixed. But one reason is that one. The other reason is that the model that Yape is completely built on risk models and digital capabilities, the acquisition cost is much, much lower than the acquisition cost at Mibanco. And maybe the last one, which is the most important one, is tenure. Mibanco's duration is around 13 months – Mibanco's portfolio is around 13 months, Yape's portfolio is around 1 month. So, this – it is very, very difficult. No, go ahead, Francesca. To add, I think to the previous question and to this one, one of the things we're also trying in Yape is innovation around disbursement channel, collection channel and product innovation, it's very different to give our working loan capital in a very small 20-day or 45-day long. So, this is – there's space for all of these products. Exactly. So, what we need to find is  (01:02:00) around that. No, super clear. everybody. And congrats on Yape. It is great. Like when I see the  (01:02:11) and your cost to serve, it's pretty nice. So, just trying to check in like the potential questions here. Thank you very much. The next question comes from Eric Ito with Bradesco BBI. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Good morning. Can you hear me? Yeah, that's perfect, Eric. Hey. Thanks for taking my question here. I have one question regarding loan growth. You mentioned that economy should continue to improve. We have rates coming down, low inflation next year. So, just want to get a bit of color for 2025. And if you can give us some numbers on loan growth expectations for next year? And maybe give us a breakdown for microfinance between the segments, retail and wholesale? Thank you. Yeah. Eric, just to be clear, we don't provide guidance on 2025 until, I believe, it's February. February. February of 2025. If we go back to 2024, which is what we can discuss, basically so Peru's main driver for growth over the last two decades has been private investment, and therefore loan growth has been highly correlated to private investment. And even though we – as we mentioned before, we expect to grow 3% this year, we still don't see relevant private investment or private projects that – for investment. Having said that, and again I want to stress out that we don't provide guidance for 2025. What we expect is that next year, maybe by the end of this year, some private investments should pick up because there's activity in the new brownfield and greenfield projects in the mining sector. Alejandro mentioned the port of Chancay, which has already been  finalized (01:04:23). But there's a huge collateral positive impact. The airport is going to be – the new airport is going to be inaugurated by year-end and so on and so. We are positive on growth for – portfolio growth, I mean, but it's going to be for next year, not maybe the last quarter of this year, but mostly next year. Yeah. Maybe I'll just add that even though private is a driver, it should be going forward, there's this  (01:04:57) and there's also a big push from government for the private public concessions, and one important one is this  (01:05:08) Beltway that has been assigned for a $3.4 billion, which is also something that could generate some dynamism. So, there we are seeing more things going on, still the private investment is not necessarily online as of now. Okay. Thank you. Just a follow-up, if I may. What's the level of a sustainable ROE you guys think is the one for the bank? Yeah. What we've mentioned – what we've been mentioning for the last three or four years is 18%. Okay. Thank you. The next question comes from Andres Soto with Santander. Please go ahead. Good morning, Gianfranco and team. Thank you for the presentation. My first question is regarding your loan growth outlook vis-a-vis with the level and potential for extraordinary dividends. When you look at your capitalization, it is at 12% for BCP and close to 17% for Mibanco. Both are significantly higher than what you have said that's target and I expect this to continue to improve considering that the profitability will continue to improve and loan growth is not going to pick up dramatically. So, are you considering the possibility of distributing additional dividends in the second half of the year, as you used to do before COVID? Yes.   (01:06:49). No, go ahead. Go ahead. I don't know, Gianfranco. You want to elaborate, go ahead.  (01:06:58) change topics. No, no, We are – are we considering? Yes, we are considering. Yes. We haven't decided anything, but yes, we are considering. Makes total sense. Perfect. Thank you. No, my second question is regarding actually to Yape loans. The 700,000 disbursements caught my attention. I would like to understand, is this still only single installment loans or are you already doing more multi-installment loans? And if you can give us any color on what is the breakdown between both of them and any feedback that you have regarding the preliminary potential of this? Francesca just mentioned 50% of the Yape users should be eligible to get loans. So, I would like to understand also out of that, how many are already clients of BCP or any other Credicorp subsidiary and which will be sort of incremental growth for the franchise? Yes. Francesca? Yeah. So, currently we disbursed around over – a little over 300,000 loans, short-term loans per month in Yape. Around 90% of that is still a month, between 15 days and 29 days in terms of term. And we have for second time and third time customers longer-term, longer-term meaning two months and three months. So, it's still very early on and what we are actually looking at is amount and repayment size. So, it's very early on for that. What we are seeing is that the customer base is a very repetitive. So, there is a lot of customers that are coming back for those short-term loans. And we want to still understand how we can penetrate the larger base of the 12 million customers for Yape. So, the 50% that I mentioned is our goal, our North Star goal saying that what we want to do is actually be able to lend to half of Yape's customer base, because if you've seen Peru's numbers, loan growth in terms of number of people has been very  (01:09:39) in the past 10 years, it hasn't been a real growth path.   (01:09:55). Congratulations again on the results. Thank you. And next question comes from Sergey Dubin with HL. Please go ahead. Yes. So, I have a question regarding the direction of your net interest margin in the context of your asset yield and funding cost. I see that both asset yield and – basically asset yield expanded, your funding cost has also rose but slower than asset yield, so your NIM has expanded as well. But could you put that in context also of the interest rate trajectory? Because it looks like, as you showed in the presentation, the central bank has been cutting rates since June of 2023. So, how are you able to achieve expansion in asset yields for so long after the rate cuts have begun? Number one. And number two, how sustainable is that NIM expansion, given that you expect the CRP to cut rate to 5% by the end of the year? That's the first question. Sure. So far we've been able to reprice loans due to the current risk situation. And at the same time, low-cost funding has been improving  in a broader (01:11:19) way. And also, we had returns from investments and all of that has contributed to our numbers and to the fact that we're expecting to be on the upper side of the range. I want to make a general comment and then I'll comment specifically. If we were to do nothing, the sensitivity of our portfolio to changes in rates with a lot of  (01:11:41) basically a basis point shift both in dollars and in soles would be around 14 basis points in a year, around 20 basis points in a three-year period. We measure in the three-year period because of the movement of the whole portfolio and the durations. So, that is in a case where you basically maintain the portfolio as it is during this change in rates. Of course, that's not the idea. We're moving more onto the retail side and that should change the mix and allow us to maintain a resilient NIM in the foreseeable future. Okay. Just to clarify, because I want to make sure I understand this very clearly. So, are you saying that some portion of your loan book is not directly tied to reference rate and you price it more in kind of like risk fashion? So, it's not -I would suppose that would be in more in SME-Pyme and more high-risk segments. Is that right? So, these... Yeah. That's what happened during the last year because of the change in risk conditions in the market. Okay. So, all of our book is, of course, related to base rate movements. But given the credit cycle that we've been through, we've been able to reprice  (01:13:08) some of our loans because of higher risk in the cycle. When that risk comes down over time, that should also normalize more. Okay. So, that's fine. That's clear. And then the second part of my question was, given the ongoing decline in the reference rates, and then if you expect these rates to come down, so that obviously suggests that you're going to reprice your loans down, which means that your asset yields will come down, probably somewhat substantially. So, would you still be able to reprice your deposits or overall funding down more so that you can keep your NIM actually flat, or do you think there is some downside to NIM and later part of this year or maybe even next year? If we didn't change the composition of the portfolio over time, yes, there should be some pressure downwards on NIM because we already have a very high market share in low-cost deposits. We have been repricing those and even though there might still be some repricing to be done where rates come down in time, deposits, et cetera,  the effects (01:14:19) are at the peak. Having said that, and we'll do that, of course, over time. But on the other hand, we are shifting the mix of the portfolio. And moving into more retail where you have a higher margin. So, that mix is what makes us think that we'll be able to sustain these levels for longer. Okay. And could you repeat your...   (01:14:41) Yeah. So, your sensitivity to let's say, I don't know what is it like 25 basis points and rate moves is 14 basis points in NIM, is that correct? Yeah. To a 100 – the calculation I gave is a 100 basis points move, parallel move both in soles and dollars. That's  (01:15:06) an impact in three years of around 20 basis points, in one year around 14 basis points, that is with the portfolio without having any changes. So, that basically taking the balance sheet as it is and going through a cycle of rates coming down. When we move the portfolio and we go a little bit more into retail, that's when we compensate a part of that. Right. So, that's a perfect segue into my next question. You've been saying this line for like a long time that you guys are moving into retail and that should bring higher NIM, which is true. But also, it's very apparent now, it's bringing higher cost of risk as well. And it's actually, what looks like to me, a lot of people here focused on Mibanco, but really your SME-Pyme segment within Credicorp, which I think contributes most to your credit cost increase just by sheer size of the portfolio. So, my question there is how are you – first of all, like what exactly changed between Q1 and Q2? Because I was under the impression that your credit costs were most vulnerable last year and expectations of El Nino, then El Nino happened, it wasn't that bad, you reversed some provisions. So, it looked like things were actually improving, but then now it's deteriorating again. So, what has changed between Q1 and Q2 that you saw this deterioration? Well, we – nothing has changed in the sense that the trend has been the same. What has been a bit of a surprise is that it was stronger than we expected beforehand. So, the point is we knew we were in a bad credit cycle. We were expecting it to start turning a little bit earlier in the year. And it's taken longer, but it's not necessarily changed in any way. Having said that, this is a cycle that is going on right now and it will pass. And our strategy to move into retail is a more structural strategy that is not necessarily linked to the specific moment. So, we're not going to rush into something today when we're still expecting the risk to  (01:17:20). Strategically, we are moving more into the retail segment. Okay. So, that's the... Sergey... Yes. Go ahead, sorry. Sergey, there's a lot of people in the call. What we can arrange with our IR team is a specific conversation that we can go in as much detail as you want if you're okay. All right. That's fine. That's fine. Thanks. Great. Thank you. The next question comes from Carlos Gomez with HSBC. Please go ahead. Hello. Thank you. First, thank you for the disclosure on the NIM sensitivity, that's very clear. And we appreciate that. I had two different questions. One is about your international operations, given that Peru is taking time to take off, how do you see your operations in Bolivia, in Colombia and in Chile? And how much are you willing to invest in your fintech in Chile? And second, regarding the investor remunerations, you mentioned the possibility of a lot of  (01:18:29) dividend, I noticed that the other company of  associated with group (01:19:33) has been very active in buybacks. Is that something that Credicorp will continue at some point or will you stay with your policy of always sticking to dividends? Thank you. Good morning, Carlos. Let me start with the second one. As of today, we are not evaluating any buyback opportunities. As we mentioned before, the plan is to pay the relevant and important dividend, the ordinary dividend we'll pay in May-June, this year we raised that by 40%, I believe. And if there's the growth – portfolio growth is not there or whatever, we will pay an extraordinary dividend, I would say the last quarter of the year. Those are the plans. There's nothing formal yet. We're evaluating that. Regarding your first question, let me go  country by country (01:19:33) and then business by business. Bolivia, the bank is performing quite well. Unfortunately, I always say where we have the right franchise in the wrong country. The country  (01:19:46) environment is very complicated. What we've been doing over the last, I would say 18 months, is de-risking our portfolio. And even though it's not a very dollarized portfolio, we've been de-dollarizing our portfolio too. The nice thing we've been doing in Bolivia and we will talk about it more in September is that we launched Yape in Bolivia, I would say about a year ago or 18 months ago, not because Bolivia is a large market or an interesting market by itself, but because we wanted to confirm or not our thesis that Yape was exportable and leveraging on a non-living bank in the country. And so far, we've been successful with Yape in Bolivia. As I mentioned, we'll be talking more about it in September 26. That's Bolivia. Obviously, we don't plan to invest more in Bolivia. Regarding Colombia, the country – the whole country is going through a lot of structural changes. The financial sector, I'm sure your – some of you are investors in some of the large banks in Colombia, the financial sector overall is struggling. The microfinance business we've talked about it, the Credicorp Capital in Colombia is performing quite well. We shared the overall results of Credicorp Capital, we feel quite comfortable with the ROE we have and the plan we deployed last year. We're not – We're actually beyond the KPIs we set – we have a target for 2025. So, we're quite happy that I'm targeting – I'm talking about Colombia and Chile, at the same time I'm talking about Credicorp Capital. And lastly, regarding Chile and Tenpo, actually, I've been this week in Chile. Tenpo is right on track with the KPIs we set when we started. We've been assessing development of Tenpo quarter by quarter. So, the performance of the business is satisfactory today. We already asked for banking, full banking license. We expect that license to be awarded – sorry, the first stage of that license to be awarded quite soon. So, the plans are there. Therefore, we plan to keep investing in Tenpo until it goes – it reaches breakeven. We will also be talking about it in September 26. Presumably you don't have a date for breakeven right now? We do have a date in our plans, I'm not sure we're going to share it with you today. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. It appears there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Gianfranco Ferrari, Chief Executive Officer, for closing remarks. Thank you. And thank you all for your questions. Our second quarter results showcase a solid ROE of 16.2%, driven by Universal Banking, Insurance and Investment Management and Advisory, supported by improved loan growth and high transactional activity. Significant strides in strategic initiatives resulted in a robust first half of the year, positioning us to achieve our 2024 ROE guidance. Our financial performance were sound with resumed loan growth, a resilient NIM and a solid balance sheet. With these dynamics more than offsetting the  (01:23:51) high provisions. As the economy strengthens, we're well-positioned to capitalize on new opportunities and meet our clients' evolving needs. In Peru, despite current systemic issues in a microfinance sector, we remain confident in our hybrid business models and are conducting a thorough review of risk capabilities to realign this business as we still do not feel comfortable with risk assessment of this portfolio. While the quarter's ROE fell short, this business segment has created value for Credicorp over the longer-term and we anticipate a gradual recovery in profitability. Our focus remains on supporting the essential population segment we serve through Mibanco. The economic context in Peru is favorable with a stable outlook for 2025, driven by strong underlying fundamentals, including controlled inflation levels, increased public investment and robust commodity prices. In this context, we reaffirm our long-term target of 18% ROE. This profitability level will be supported by a resilient NIM during a period of decreasing rates and a reduced cost of risk once the credit cycle is overcome. These dynamics would be further enhanced by strong non-interest income and optimized efficiency as disruptive initiatives mature. Our disruptive financial franchise is thriving, driven by a clear strategy and goals. Our commitment to digital advancement and customer-centric growth is evident in the tangible results across both core and disruptive businesses. Investments in innovation have led to increased digital customers, sales and transactions, with reductions in unitary cost and notable improvements in customer engagement and satisfaction. Lastly, Yape has robust breakeven  (01:25:53) schedule with significant income growth and diversification. We look forward to providing further details on this exciting business and our innovation portfolio at the Credicorp Strategic Update event on September 26 at 2 PM Eastern time. Thank you all for participating in today's Call. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. 
            