
            Management Discussion: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to BHP's Results for the 2024 Financial Year Investor and Analyst Teleconference. I advise you that this conference is being recorded today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a brief introduction followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Henry, Chief Executive. Please go ahead. Thanks, operator and welcome, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. I'm joined in the room here by Vandita Pant, our Chief Financial Officer; and Tristan Lovegrove, our Group Investor Relations Officer. I am going to keep my opening remarks pretty short given the presentation that I'm hoping you've seen, but there are a few key points that I'd like to leave you with today; first being consistency. Another year of solid performance both operationally and financially. We delivered reliable underlying operational performance with a number of records and I think you can see coming through in the cost position that we continue to manage inflation well. The actions that we've taken over the course of the year are very consistent with the strategy that you've heard us speak about over a number of years now. We have a portfolio of the best assets that we operate very well in the most attractive commodities that are set to benefit from the megatrends playing out in the world around us. Second point is I'd like to – there to be focused on is cash flow. Ours is a business that consistently delivers a high baseline of cash flows through the cycle. And this year, we generated more than $20 billion of net operating cash flow; and we've now generated net operating cash flow above $15 billion for all, bar one, over the past 15 years. And this healthy and consistent cash flow, combined with our strong balance sheet, gives us the ability to fund growth and deliver attractive returns to shareholders consistently. And on that theme, growth is the third point I wanted to leave everyone with. We do have a strong and expanding set of growth options. Jansen Stage 1 ahead of schedule with first production forecast for late 2026, and Stage 2 is now in execution. At Copper South Australia, we've already unlocked more synergies faster than anticipated at the time of the OZ Minerals acquisition, and we're increasingly excited by and confident about the growth pathway both there in South Australia and in South America with our work on a pipeline of projects in Chile, indicating attractive returns. Of course, we also recently announced an agreement to form a significant joint venture with Lundin Mining related to a future copper growth opportunity in Argentina. So, overall, the company is in great shape, performing well with plenty of growth in the pipeline. We're well-positioned both for the year ahead and for decades to come. With that, operator, I'll open it up to questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. Your first question comes from Liam Fitzpatrick from Deutsche Bank. Please ask your question. Good evening, Mike. Two questions from me. My first is on M&A and strategy. An observation from your copper growth plans that you've outlined today is that you've got plenty of options, but they are long-dated with approval still two-plus years away. So does M&A, both big and small deals, still form part of your strategy going forward? Or is your focus now resolutely on organic growth? And then the second question linked to that just on future CapEx levels. Is there some sort of cap that you and the management team place on group CapEx levels over the medium term to ensure that you have good execution on projects and that you're not taking on too much development and cash flow risk at once? Thank you. Okay. Thanks, Liam. And, Vandita, why don't we – you can answer the question on CapEx. If I speak about M&A and strategy, Liam, I'll start by saying that we see ourselves as being in a pretty good position in copper to start with, so one of the world's biggest copper producers, largest resources in – for copper in the sector. And we've grown by 9% for 2 years running now, with 4% growth in the year ahead. So, we've already added a lot of copper growth, valuable copper growth to the portfolio. We have a healthy pipeline of options, medium to long-term, so starting to commit at the end of this decade, but we're a long-term company. And so, even at the time of some of our recent M&A efforts, we've been clear throughout that we're not driven by M&A at all. Plan A for us is to grow organically to get more – well, first of all, to generate best possible returns out of the capital that we already have deployed in the business, then to look at incremental growth out of the resources that we have. But given our strong, resilient cash flows, our underlying operational performance, to the extent that the right opportunities arise in M&A, so right commodity, high-quality assets where we believe we can create value for BHP shareholders, we have a willingness to pursue those opportunities, but at all times being super disciplined about how we go about doing so. Nothing changed on that front. What I am hoping is that the meat that we're putting on the bones of our copper growth prospects through today's presentation and in things like the coming site visit to Escondida that that will give everybody greater confidence that when we talk about plan A we actually mean plan A, and that plan is pretty attractive in its own right. Vandita, you want to talk about CapEx plan? Happy to. So, on the medium term CapEx, you would have seen, Liam, our guidance of $11 billion. And, of course, that guidance includes projects which are more copper growth projects. It includes  creep up 305 mtpa in Vale (00:06:11), includes all the things we are doing on Jansen which is a big one. But of course, at the end of that medium term guidance, that starts to taper off as we start to produce in Jansen. So, if we look at it from my perspective, we have a great set of attractive return growth options. We have the ability to phase these in sequences, if needed. But more importantly, we have the financial resilience through strong balance sheet as it exists today with just $9.1 billion of net debt to be able to support value-adding growth. In terms of our ability to execute, we look at both the cash flow resilience as well as technical ability to execute a portfolio of projects and we'll be very minded as we do that. Of course, the projects being in different jurisdiction, sometimes in different commodities, also helps with our ability to execute those, but in a thoughtful way. From a balance sheet and capital allocation perspective, very comfortable with the way the phasing of these projects can work. So, Liam, if I just add to that, as somebody who's been around the team now for quite a while and seen us kind of reach levels of CapEx spend that were clearly difficult for us to get our arms around. And I'm thinking back here to when we were attempting to spend $22 billion plus in CapEx, we really recognize the value of having tension in the system and that's provided to the capital allocation framework, which drives this minimum 50% payout ratio because we recognize the importance of cash returns to shareholders. That creates better competition for capital internally and because we put the boundary conditions in place around minimum payout ratio and the net debt range, that creates the degree of constraint on how many projects one can execute in tandem. And so there's no absolute figure, but you can see some of these checks and balances we've put in place to ensure that we don't find ourselves in a position where we become ill disciplined when it comes to the project, so we're progressing the amount of capital we're spending. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you, both. Thank you. Your next question comes from Jason Fairclough from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Yeah. Good evening, both. First, I did just want to thank you for making yourselves available at the end of what's been a long, busy day for both. So thanks a lot for that. Really appreciate it. Two questions for me; one on Escondida, the other one on coking coal. So first, Escondida, I mean, world's biggest copper mine by far. You're taking people to site later this year, has generated a lot of cash for decades, but it feels like it now needs to go through a period of recapitalization. And I guess, the estimates on the Street for this program seem to be somewhere between $5 billion and $15 billion. Word has it that you are hoping to keep it below $10 billion. I guess, the question is, is that a fair way to think about things or is this still a moving target in terms of Escondida? Second, just on Queensland, quite interesting to see Nippon buying into some of your former assets at what looks like a fairly full valuation. What's it going to take for you to start thinking about investing in new coking coal mines? Okay. So just on Escondida, Jason, I don't quite know and I haven't heard those figures as that – are being bandied around out there. What I can say is that we have a – and we flagged this in the presentation, site visit in November where we'll be revealing more detail around the project options that we have there and how we're thinking about that growth path. The point that you make around recapitalization of the business, I think every copper operation in the world over time needs to reinvest to offset grade decline. And that's really what you see us demonstrating here is not only is it an intent, but there's actually some detail behind that now in terms of how we're seeing capital intensity and returns, which we think stack up pretty well, but more detail to be revealed in November. Now, on met coal, the acquisition of the stake by the Japanese of part of our prior assets on a multiples basis stacks up pretty much in line with our divestment of those assets in the first place. We've been clear that at a macro level, preferred areas or commodities for growth capital deployment for us are copper and potash. But that there are growth opportunities in metallurgical coal that if not for some of the recent policy changes there that have impacted both on economics and risk, we could be looking to progress. But, given those changes, the way that they were going about will focus on tending to or sustaining the existing business, which is a higher quality business, thanks to some of the recent divestments. But we won't be looking to pursue to deploy growth capital into the Queensland met coal business. Okay. Thanks, Mike. If I could just follow up on Escondida to make sure I understand. Without the recapitalization, how do we think about the downside risk on production at Escondida? So, why don't you give it a go at Escondida? Sure. Sure. So, Jason, you would have seen our medium-term guidance on Escondida. So, for next two years, our guidance says for next – this year, 1.18 million to 1.3 million tonnes and for next, 2026, is 1.2 million to 1.3 million tonnes. After that, as you know, the grade does decline and our medium term guidance is 900,000 to 1 million tonnes. Post that, the growth through the FID projects from 2026 onwards to 2029 FY start to kick in and that's the ramp up this goes in, which is shown in the presentation. So the way to think about this decline is that we do have a decline in FY 2027 onwards, but then that's what starts to ramp up through the projects that we are talking about, including replacement of Los Colorados and as well as the other a new concentrator, Laguna Seca extension and expansion, and the leaching technologies. Thank you. Your next question comes from Amos Fletcher from Barclays. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hi, Mike and Vandita. Thanks for the opportunity. First question was on Jansen. There's no mention in the release of the project being on budget. I was wondering if you could talk about progress there and is there any risk to CapEx overrunning. And then, the second question was just on Copper South Australia. You've given some useful numbers to frame the ranges of capital intensity on the Escondida project. So, I was just wondering roughly where within that range you'd expect the Copper SA expansion to 500,000 tonnes to fall, including obviously this SMA expansion and, to some extent, the natural front-loading of CapEx for the first phase of the smelter expansion. Thanks. Okay. Thanks, Amos. So, on Copper South Australia, we've deliberately not revealed those figures yet because it's still a little bit earlier in its planning or in its study phase than for – at Escondida. But in due course, just like we're doing with Escondida, we will bring forward anticipated return to consensus pricing and capital intensities. Just not quite there yet. In respect to Jansen, one of the great things I love about this is the things that are done with no intention on our side get picked up and potentially given meaning by others. So, the fact that we haven't referred to it being on budget should not be seen as being a  conservative (00:14:47) budget. Jansen does remain on budget and ahead of schedule. Now, that's not to say there aren't – obviously, we're in a market where there's a lot of CapEx inflation out there and it's a pretty intense environment. The team's been doing a great job on the project side of things, just like on the operational side of things in terms of managing that inflation. Thanks. Thank you. Your next question comes from Myles Allsop from UBS. Please go ahead. Yeah. So, a couple of questions. Maybe just following up on the Jansen discussion. With potash prices now – I think the FOB Vancouver price is closer to $250, $260 a tonne, it's a long way away from those sort of medium term expectations from the consultants that we use to justify Stage 1 and Stage 2. I mean, is your view unchanged on the medium term outlook for potash? And is there any way to slow down Phase 2 if the market is softer than you're expecting? And then, the second question just on Queensland Coal, obviously going into elections in October in Queensland. Do you see any potential to change – for the royalty structure to change? Or do you think it's locked in and any growth CapEx is unlikely for another four years or five years,  how long the (00:16:20) election cycle is? Okay. So, on the Jansen question, Myles, let me start by saying that we don't plan any investment or pursue any investment internally on the basis of a consultant outlook for potash. Now, in talking to the market about anticipated returns, oftentimes we'll use consensus pricing or consultant pricing just because we don't want to reveal our own proprietary view of prices. But our investment decision-making comes back to our own in-house view of pricing. Second point I'd make is that we don't make investment decisions on the basis of a point forecast. We're constantly looking at ranges for prices and we choose investments that have greatest possible resilience for different price outcomes. And so, one of the things that we look at is probability of being NPV-positive. And so, with that – prefacing my comments with that, yes, there's pressure in the near-term on potash pricing. The long-term fundamentals that supported our decisions around Jansen Stage 1 and Jansen Stage 2 remain intact, and that is world population continuing to grow; standards of living rising, including changing diets; and the world needing to get more efficient about agricultural production on a constrained arable land footprint, all of which supports pretty steady and continued potash demand growth. Now, on the supply side of the equation, we had the temporary disruption as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. We've said, from last year that we did expect those tonnes to fully come back to the market. In fact, most of them have come back to the market. There's an open question about the extent to which they'll be able to expand production on a go-forward basis, but that sits within the range of price outlooks that we had in electing to proceed with Jansen. On your question about Queensland Coal and the elections, I don't know. I mean we've been clear with what – so, in essence, we've said two things. One is the level of royalties right now for coal in Queensland are well in excess of anything else you see around the world in coal or at least amongst major coal producers. And at those levels, it has a consequential negative impact on coal investment returns, point one. Point two, the way that those changes were enacted create a even greater degree of risk for anybody investing in Queensland, because you don't know whether the rules that you've invested upon are going to be there. And they could be changed ad hoc with zero engagement with industry. That's a risky proposition. And so for us to change our view on coal, growth opportunities in coal, really, we'd have to get more comfortable or more confident about policy stability. And policy settings would need to be at a level that allow those projects to  (00:19:30) to compete for capital against the other opportunities in the group. And as you've seen in today's presentation, we have more and more attractive opportunities coming forward in commodities that we see as being long-term attractive. Thanks. And just on a Jansen, the ability to slow Stage 2 is a much flexibility in the – from the way it's being pushed forward with  (00:19:56) super soft in a couple of years' time? So, it's a pretty technical question, Myles. And what I mean by that is – sorry, it's a hypothetical question. Vandita has been clear that we have ability to flex CapEx in the portfolio. It's something that we look at on a rolling basis. Of course, depending on the phase at which a project is at, at the time that you elect to pull that trigger can be more or less costly. But I come back to, we're not investing – because of the market that we see over the next couple of years, we're investing for how we see long-term market fundamentals. And we look at a range of price outcomes. So, it would require a change in how we see the market fundamentally for us to look at shifting project schedule. So, yes, all things are possible, but I don't want in me answering in that way for anybody to be building an expectation that that's the base intent because it's certainly not. The intent is for us to proceed both projects on schedule as originally announced. And of course, both projects come with a very low end of the cost curve, which means the resilience to whatever is happening in the market...   (00:21:13). ...for Jansen will be the highest of all the players almost. So from that perspective, that's the beauty of having new modern technology and the mining equipment that will come at really low end of the cost curve as well. Thank you. Your next question comes from Matt Greene from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hey, Mike and Vandita. Two questions for me. First one is on Jansen. Your result presentation in February, you provided a spend profile across Stage 1 and 2. In FY 2025, CapEx at Jansen was circa $2.5 billion, but the guidance you provided today is $1.8 billion. And the circa of $700 million reduction seems will come from Stage 1, which is a big chunk, Mike, as you say, you are ahead of schedule. So, is this just a phasing of CapEx potentially pushed into next year or is it some sort of accounting treatment in terms of how you define investments versus guided CapEx at Jansen? Yeah. So the latter, this is about  Westshore (00:22:14) equipment, which technically doesn't come through one line on CapEx, but through the investing line. And that's the difference dollar for dollar. Nothing else changes. So, Matt, it's Tristan here. I'll just guiding to slide 23 we had at the half year results. In that, we talked about it was expected investment spend profile to your point, so as CapEx as well as investment. But also the pie chart where it talks about capital cost breakdown, where 22% of the overall spend is in logistics and that's where we're talking about within that. Okay. That's clear. Thanks very much, Tristan. And then my follow-on is just on South Australia's Stage 1, the range of 1.1 million to 1.4 million tonnes of concentrate. To me, it looks like that's dependent on the increased volumes from the southern mine area expansion, Olympic Dam. But, looking back at 2017, you've spoken about expanding SMA and studying this expansion for what seems a very long time. So, what's the scope of the SMA expansion this time around to warrant, I guess, another four years of studies before potential FID? Okay. So very different prospect. If you recall back when we were looking at the BFX project, it was kind of the way I would characterize it. It was a pick the eyes out of the resource strategy, which was to try to pursue the highest possible pockets of grade, even while recognizing that that was going to require more by way of investment in development. Now, we're – and so, we're moving away from that, looking at more efficient mining and that will be partly unlocked through the move to a two-stage smelter earlier than was originally anticipated. We also have the Carrapateena block cave coming in, of course, towards the end of this decade as well. So through both of those, you are right that the expansion would entail us developing further the southern mining area at Olympic Dam, but we also have Carrapateena increased volumes in there. Thank you. Your next question comes from Alexander Pearce from BMO. Please go ahead. Great. Hi, Mike. Hi, Vandita. So just keeping to the Jansen theme, you've flagged a few times already in the conference call so far that Stage 1 is ahead of schedule and you've flagged in the note that you've had early completion of the mill foundation over the summer. Is there a chance that this kind of early, kind of – sorry, late calendar year 2026 completion target could come forward again? I know it's on an already accelerated plan, or are you just more confident that you'll meet that target at this point? And then, maybe you could just kind of quantify for us how much ahead of the schedule you actually are? Thanks. So, I would say that it's more the latter, Alex. We're just more confident. I don't want to be predicting that we'll advance schedule further because we all know that there's so many variables at play and still a fair amount of time to play out between now and first production, so I would say just growing confidence around late 2026. As to how far ahead of schedule that we are, it's under a year. So, it's not like we were planning for late 2027, it's months rather than years ahead of schedule. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Shilan Modi from HSBC. Please go ahead. Morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. You guys mentioned that that there's an uncertain outlook and more volatility coming, especially in the iron ore market. Given that it generates most of your cash flows, how are you thinking about your balance sheets and your CapEx profile? How much flexibility do you have in that profile to reduce in case of a – we have a severe downturn? And how are you thinking about dividends? Okay. So, Vandita, I know you're going to want to add something on this, but if I just make some initial comments. I think the comments that we made around uncertainty and volatility weren't constrained to iron ore. In fact, we're pretty clear about the downside cushion that we see in iron ore because there's such a high bench of or such a large bench of high-cost supply in that market; 170 million tonnes between $80 and $100 a tonne. 80% of that would be between $90 and $100 so, yes, we are seeing some uncertainty when it comes to iron ore, kind of the near – very near-term demand outlook. But as we've seen prices drop away as a result of that, very quickly they hit that cushion and come back again. The point that we were making was that in a world of geopolitical tensions, little bit of an uncertain near-term growth outlook in China, momentum still building in other economies, you combine that with some more supportive supply side dynamics across commodities, and there could be a little bit of excess supply and certainly some trade and price volatility over the near-term. Your question then still comes back to, well, how well is BHP set up to deal with this? And I'll start by saying that we have got more resilient cash flows than others in the sectors, so we've got a strong balance sheet. We've spoken again about the resilience of our cash flows, over $15 billion  (00:27:51) for 15 years running now, bar one year. Low-cost position in iron ore, if we focus specifically on that commodity. So, to the extent that we see price volatility, we're better set up to deal with that than anybody else out there, certainly than most others out there. Now, we do have some ability to flex CapEx and we have a range on – that we work within from a net debt perspective. Vandita, maybe you just want to elaborate on that and how we think about that under the capital allocation framework. Yeah, absolutely. So, one, of course, is that the projects all compete, which makes it a better-returning portfolio of options. The second thing is we do look at what is on critical path. What has the flex? When do you stop a particular part of the project without destroying value because there is a expiry date by which you do not want to stop a very well-progressed project? So, we look at these flexibility things not just at a major project level, but each limb of spend and that's what we get focused on. Having said that, I think as Mike already said, our net debt position and position within the net debt range is such that it already provides quite a bit of strong financial flexibility to look at growth, but also the dividends as you mentioned. Our capital allocation framework allows for both performance, from a cash flow perspective, but also the outlook to be taken into account as we look to maximize these value-adding growth projects and cash returns as well. So, comfortable with it, but we do have these levers to look at, both sequencing as well as value-adding decisions to be taken. Thank you. Your next question comes from Brian Morgan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Thanks very much. Two questions from my side. You're talking about Los Colorados  (00:30:06) new concentrator there. Can you assume there's no reserves currently in the reserves and resources below Los Colorados. Could you just give us an idea of what's underneath there in terms of grades, just ore quality thee? And then second question, small, I know but just to help us just  round it off (00:30:29) is Nickel West. What's in the $300 million spend and how are you going to reposition those assets to restart towards the end of the decade? Okay. So I didn't – you broke up a little bit, or I didn't quite hear the question around Los Colorados concentrate or some of the detail around it. But what is the premise there, what do we know is that that has some of the higher grade remaining resource sits under Los Colorados concentrator. And so, in order for us to access that resource, we're going to need to move the concentrator. And so that's what's built into the forward plans there. Have I answered the question or was there something else that I didn't quite catch? Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Just assuming there's nothing sitting in reserves at the moment. So, it will be sitting in reserves for Escondida. But if you want more detail on that, perhaps I can have Tristan follow-up with you. Okay. That's fine. Yeah. Now, on Nickel West in terms of the $300 million and I know it sounds like a high headline number and to some extent it is. What sits in there, so is a combination of things. So with ongoing efforts on the exploration front to prove up for the resource to enable a bringing back of that business to full operations, there're certain obligations that we have around maintaining the local towns and infrastructure that support that business. Of course, we need to maintain asset integrity on an ongoing basis. Did I miss anything there? Yeah, with preservation – no, you're right, Mike. Preservation cost is a very big part given the downstream nature of integrated nature of Nickel West. Yeah. There are regulatory obligations in terms of that cost. So unlike just a mine closure, if we were only upstream, this does sound like a bigger number, but for a reason. Yes. And it preserves a potentially valuable option. Okay. Cool. Thank you. Thank you. There are no further questions from the phone at this stage. I'll now head back for closing remarks. Okay. Well, look, thanks, everybody, for joining. I hope you can see a business that is running well in terms of its underlying operations and financials with an even more exciting growth story, building up in copper in parallel with the potash growth that we have ahead of us. And we have a great ability to fund and execute that growth going forward given our balance sheet, resilient cash flows and track record in major projects. Thanks again for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your interest. You may all disconnect. 
            