
            Management Discussion: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to BHP's Results for the December 2024 Half-Year Investor and Analyst Teleconference. I advise you that this conference is being recorded today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a brief introduction followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Mike Henry, Chief Executive Officer, BHP. Please go ahead. Thank you, operator. Well, good morning, good evening to everyone joining the call. Thank you for joining. I'm here with our Chief Financial Officer, Vandita Pant; and Tristan Lovegrove, our Group Investor Relations Officer. And I'm happy to say that we've turned in another strong six months of operational and financial performance driven, of course, by our unwavering focus on operational excellence underpinned by the BHP operating system. We've grown group production by over 5% in our major commodities over the period, excluding the divestment last year of Blackwater and Daunia and the suspension of nickel. We continue to control costs well with close to 4% reduction in unit costs for our major assets while inflation has been almost a 4% headwind, which we, of course, more than overcame. And this tight cost control contributes to our consistently industry-leading margins. We're on track to achieve full-year production and cost guidance across each of our commodities. And this underlying operational performance has supported an interim dividend of $0.50 per share. We've also continued to advance our attractive organic growth projects, and there's a specific slide on that in the pack outlining our – the attractiveness of our projects in copper in Chile. And only a month ago or a month or so ago, we formed the Argentinian joint venture with Lundin Mining, Vicuña, to develop what we see as one of the world's most significant copper discoveries in decades. Demand for our products remains strong, notwithstanding the near-term uncertainty and volatility. We are seeing early signs of recovery in China. Resilient economic performance in the US and continued strong growth in India, the fastest-growing major economy in the world. Our combination of strategy, portfolio, and operational excellence is a competitive advantage, and we believe positions us pretty well. With that, operator, I am happy to take the first question. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. Your first question comes from Liam Fitzpatrick with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Good morning also. Good evening, Mike and Team. Hi, Liam. Two questions for me. Hi there. First one just on Vicuña. Can you just give us a bit of an update on the timing in terms of when you think you'll be in a position to announce CapEx for the projects and potentially when you could make an investment decision on the first phase? Yeah. Look, we haven't said that yet, Liam. It's kind of some of the big milestones are coming or our ability to talk about when the milestones will occur is coming. We have committed to coming forward in the first half, both with kind of resource updates but also with an outline of the key milestones, including as you're referring to, when we'd expect to see potential FID completion of study phases and so on. Sounds good. And then my second one is just on M&A. Some comments overnight, I think, where you've said M&A is more difficult, and perhaps if you could just elaborate on that in terms of what's behind that, whether it's valuation or other factors. And I mean, how do you want the market to think about BHP and M&A? Are you still open to opportunities if the right opportunity and timing fits and comes along? Thank you. Look, I get why the question gets asked. And there's probably others in the queue who will have similar questions, but I really do want us to just kind of get all on the same page on this. As you'd expect, a company of BHP size, of course, from time to time, we look at opportunities. But as we've highlighted, given what the market circumstances, we think it's increasingly challenging to do large global M&A for value. And at the end of the day, we are all about shareholder value. Now, at the same time, we've made significant progress, and you can see that coming through in the site  (00:04:49) Escondida in the slide that we've put forward in today's presentation. We've made really significant progress on growing and maturing our portfolio of attractive organic projects in copper and in potash. And so, we are 100% focused on delivering goals, and you can see that focus coming through in the information that we're providing, alongside continuing to deliver strong performance in WAIO and BMA. So, let me say again, we're – just that we're all clear. Our current focus is on our own organic growth. These opportunities that we've outlined, they're continuing to advance well. You asked about Vicuña, of course, more to come on that. More to come on Copper South Australia. As we've done with Chile, we bring forward more information at an appropriate time. But you can see that all of these projects are progressing solidly. They're super competitive. If we look at slide 24 in the pack relative to external options, good capital intensity, strong IRRs. And so, no surprise. That's where our focus is. And I know, of course, there will continue to be speculation about M&A, but I really want to get – I've been consistent on this, and I want us all to be on the same page in terms of our focus being on organic growth and progressing these attractive options that we've developed. Thank you. Your next question comes from Jason Fairclough with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Mike, thanks for making time for us. At the end of the day, I know it's a busy day, so really appreciate these calls, as usual. Thanks, Jason. Look, a couple – yeah, a couple questions from me, if I could. First one is just on your medium-term CapEx guide. So, I think that's slide 29. It looks like you're guiding for $10 billion to $11 billion per year. I'm just wondering, does that include the CapEx for the Escondida recapitalization? So, the $10.5 billion to $14.4 billion standstill, is that included in that $10 billion to $11 billion, or is it on top of that? No, it's included. So, what's excluded from the average $11 billion medium-term guidance is any further CapEx in nickel, given that's a future decision for review in February 2027. It doesn't include the capital to expand WAIO to 330 million tonnes per annum other than the study work that we currently have underway. And given that we've only recently closed on Vicuña and we would also intend to... Equity-account. ...equity-account for Vicuña, it doesn't include Vicuña either. Okay, thanks. Second question, then. Slide 20, just looking at your plans to ramp up copper production in South Australia. I guess, my big picture question, given the underperformance of those assets over the last 20 years, what gives you confidence that you can actually deliver that kind of growth this time? Okay. And maybe I'm getting too far ahead of ourselves here, but I'm hoping that people can see a much improved performance at Olympic Dam in recent years, whilst acknowledging that there was a long period of time where, relative to a nameplate of 220 plus, I think on average we were producing about 150, 160, but that's been turned around through our investment in asset integrity, building up technical capability in the asset. And that was the foundation upon which then we can start more credibly looking at unlocking future growth through the consolidation of Carrapateena, Prominent Hill, Olympic Dam, and then with the potential development of Oak Dam. So, first and foremost, more reliable underlying production and cost control over the – probably the recent three or four years. And then there's the optionality. I was there first week of January, spent time with the team on the ground, and you just – no matter which way you look, you see synergies to be unlocked and optionality left, right, and center there. And so, the game has shifted from when we were looking solely at an expansion of Olympic Dam. There's many more levers available to be pulled now, given the multiple assets or mines that we have. And of course, the synergy unlock will also contribute to the economics of any expansion – or smelter expansion – smelter and refinery expansion at Olympic Dam. So, returns boosted by synergies, greater optionality. We're pretty optimistic about what's the potential there to be unlocked in the coming 5 to 10 years. Thank you. Your next question comes from Amos Fletcher with Barclays. Please go ahead. Good morning, Mike. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask your current thinking on the WAIO 330 million tonnes per annum expansion, in particular, whether you see the market needing an extra 25 million tonnes of iron ore given progress being made in Guinea and China demand seemingly having peaked in 2020. So, let me start, Amos, by saying that we've got a very high-performing business there: lowest cost, good margins, better margins than the competition. It is actually kind of two parts or two angles to take on the question you've asked: do we believe that the market needs more tonnes, another 25 million tonnes in the market? The answer is no, and we've been clear on that because we see Chinese steel demand plateauing, then ultimately moving into decline. Because of the increase in scrap, pig iron declines even more quickly. So, we're pretty confident we'll see a contracting iron ore market as we move towards the end of this decade. Having said so, the question is really whether, against that backdrop, which is the backdrop that we've assumed for a decade now, against that backdrop, are there still attractive returns to be generated by a further 25 million tonnes from the best-performing asset in the world after having taken into account the impact on the market of adding those tonnes? So, it's not like we would just assume a static price outlook. We would say if we bring these tonnes on, what's the impact on the market, on the rest of the portfolio, and does it still make sense or not? Which is why we've been careful to talk about these as studies and options rather than saying that it's a definitive expansion. There is uncertainty, of course, still in iron ore demand, in pricing, which I think most would say has held up better than some had anticipated. And so, where we do see that uncertainty, where there is still market opportunity and where we've got the best-performing business in the industry, it's incumbent on us to make sure that we understand what the options are. And then we can make a determination as to whether we wish to trigger those or not based on what we see in the iron ore market. But also, as we stack those projects up against alternative opportunities to deploy capital in the other BHP businesses. Okay, got it. Thanks. And then second question was just around nickel. And can you just elaborate your thinking on whether that asset will be put up for sale in the near term just given notable – one of your peers is now to selling their nickel business for a pretty impressive number this morning, so there is a market for this type of assets. Thanks. So, look, firstly, I'll say that the process towards moving it into temporary suspension has gone smoothly. We've done everything that we said we would do by way of redeploying people and so on. We are continuing to spend money on – with the anticipation of reviewing that decision as to whether to restart in early 2027. I do want to make the point, though, that the money that we're spending is not just to keep the asset warm. In fact, if we ever ultimately moved into a closure scenario, two-thirds of what we're spending would go towards that – would have gone towards that anyways. But we are optimistic that fortunes for nickel market still have potential to improve towards the back end of this decade, but we're not yet confident enough to say that we for certain would be able to – that things would be attractive enough to reopen the business in due course. That's why we said early 2027. And hopefully, we'll have a better view then on market circumstances. Vandita, is there anything you wanted to add on this one? No, I think that's – covers it. Thanks. Thank you. Your next question comes from Dominic O'Kane with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hi, Mike. I just had a question around the capital structure and, obviously, you've focused in the presentation on moving towards the top end of your $5 billion to $15 billion net debt target range. Could you just maybe give us your thinking about whether that is still the most appropriate metric for BHP as you move into what is clearly potential for a higher growth phase over the next 5 to 15 years? Do you think you're maybe boxing yourself into a corner with such a kind of a limited net debt range? Would you consider moving to a different parameter for guidance around capital structure? Thank you. Okay. So, there's the – I think there's different parts to the response on this. And you want to – there's no perfect metric. We think that a firm range for net debt is the best metric. And Vandita, I'll ask you to talk about that in a second because I know you've got kind of strong views on this. I do want to say, though, that there is benefit in having constraints in place in terms of the capital allocation framework. And I've seen the great benefit that that's brought in terms of ensuring a more disciplined balance between cash being returned to shareholders versus being reinvested in the business and ensuring that there is very strong competition for capital between projects who are all vying to be funded. And that's resulted in better capital efficiency, more reliably executed projects with better returns than the alternative scenario where we don't have constraints in place. The other point I would make is that, our objective here is to ensure that we've got a robust balance sheet and robust business at all points in the cycle. So even under a prolonged downcycle scenario that we've got a solid balance sheet. And the best way that we've had of trying to depict that is to put in place a clear net debt range, and rather than looking at something like leverage ratio or gearing or something. But Vandita, maybe if you can elaborate. Yeah. I agree with what Mike just said, and – just on leverage and gearing, which are alternate measure for balance sheet. But we do think that net debt has a simplicity and nowhere-to-hide kind of a view, whereas, of course, EBITDA, leverage on net debt/EBITDA can get a little more pro-cyclical in terms of the behavior given it can seem quite low. But equally, gearing can be quite back – historical because of the historical cost on the balance sheet of the asset. So, there isn't a perfect metric really. But from the perspective of, as you've seen in the slide, we do watch all of these, and whichever way you look, I think we would agree that we are very comfortable that the balance sheet that we have currently is very conservative and very strong for all kinds of cycle-related ups and downs, and we have lots of levers to manage it in case we were to be outside of that range. But I wouldn't say that would mean that we use another metric instead of net debt range. Thank you. Very clear. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Alexander Pearce with BMO. Please go ahead. Hi. Good evening. So, my question's around Jansen, and basically, I think Westshore flagged a couple of times last year that the upgrades it needs to make at the port were presenting some challenges from a cost perspective. So I wondered, are there any concerns from you that there could be some time slippage associated with that project or, indeed, any cost implications from BHP? So, no concerns in the sense that we've got a contract in place with Westshore where costs from a BHP perspective are well defined. And in terms of potential for slippage, there is appropriate buffers built in place between when the infrastructure will be in place and when we need to ship. But I think, on balance, in the world of capital projects, that project continues to progress well. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Myles Allsop with UBS. Please go ahead. Great. Thanks. Maybe first question, just thinking about iron ore medium term, so you sound reasonably cautious. How low do you think iron ore can go as we look over the next 5 to 10 years? Look, we'll certainly start by saying this: the bench of probably circa 180 million tonnes of between $80 and $100 per tonne. So, even against the backdrop of a market that can decline over time, there's a lot to be pushed through to get prices that are below that. Of course, it's an imperfect science. And so, within what we can control, we've said our safest bet is to make sure that we are at the very low end of the cost curve and that we improve the average quality of our product offering, because through doing so those two things, we'll gain the greatest resilience around margins. And so, in a world that becomes much more competitive or where the competition heats up in that market in the coming years, we'll be best placed under a range of different scenarios. So, if Simandou displaces 120 million tonnes, we could go below $80. Is that the way you're thinking? It was 180 million tonnes. But, yes, with Simandou volume coming into the market, of course, that's going to have an effect on the market. But we've been forecasting for some time that those Simandou volumes would be coming into the market. So, it's not a surprise for us. Our views around Chinese steel industry,  direct (00:20:19) supply coming to the market is what underpins the strategy that we laid out for the WAIO business back in 2017, which was go from being the third-best business in the world or the third lowest-cost business to being the best. Do that sustainably. And at the same time, improve the quality of the average – or the average quality of our product suite. And we did that through triggering the South Flank investment, which has given us higher Fe content and higher lump content than otherwise would have been the case. Yeah. And then maybe just on Samarco, could you give us a quick update on the UK class action, maybe Australia and Netherlands? Are you seeing kind of any of the claimants migrate to the Brazilian settlement? Are they starting to fade in terms of the momentum and when will we get the next sort of updates around those two contingent liabilities? Well, look, so, our position in respect of the UK case remains exactly as it was previously, which is the best recourse or the most appropriate recourse for claimants is in the Brazilian system. In the period since the UK case was launched, of course, there's an agreement that's been reached with the public authorities in Brazil that is very comprehensive, provides for a range of claimants, built upon the good work that's been done to-date, and provides a lot of clarity and certainty, both for Brazilian stakeholders as well as for shareholders. Now, you asked the question as to are we seeing some claimants in the UK case migrate to Brazil. Probably two points to make on that. One is there's been an overlap in a certain portion of the claimants in the first instance. But, yes, we have seen some claimants availing themselves of the recourse they have under the Brazilian system, as you would expect, because the Brazilian system gives them more certainty and faster payment than under the UK case, which we continue to defend in its totality. And the liability is not yet established, as you know, Myles, given it is still a contingent liability or a trial case. Thank you. Your next question comes from Richard Hatch with Berenberg. Please go ahead. Good morning, team. Thanks very much for the call. I just want to ask you a bit on coal cost, please. And so, you say that coal costs are kind of flat half-on-half, but actually they're up 12% sort of – sorry, flat year-on-year, up 12% half-on-half. So, I just wonder whether you can just give us a bit of an update on what you're doing to try and pull those costs down on the Australian met coal business, please. Yes, sure, and I can give you more details offline as well. But when we are comparing cost, we are neutralizing for the April sale of Blackwater and Daunia so that it becomes like-for-like, and you can see with the volume adjusted, the unit costs are flat as stated. I mean, what I would add is that, Richard, it's obviously we have the longwall and the maintenance in the first half, so there's no longwall move in this – in the second half, and the maintenance is much lower. We'd also expect higher volumes in the second half such that it would go back into the range. Okay. Okay. Understood. But I mean, I guess, still, if you compare it versus a few years ago, this business was running sub-$100 cost rate and now it's running at $120 cost to $130 cost. So, is that $110 guidance fair – or below $110 guidance fair, or do you not feel that's right? No, the $110 guidance in the medium term, Richard, relates to three things. One is volume guidance. It has to be read along with the volume guidance, which is 43 million to 45 million tonnes. So, there is a volume dilution. Secondly, these are the costs which are coming through not because of new investment but because of the underlying shift in both strip ratios as well as higher yields which come through. And by that time, we will have rebuilt the inventory that is in the supply chain, which has been low, as you know, and which is what the effort is. So, combining these three things, along with the real focus on labor productivity and equipment productivity, which actually have been going well, relates to that medium-term guidance quite aligned. Thank you. Your next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead. Good evening. Returning to Vicuña, if I think about the RIGI bill and your ability to qualify under that process, is that nice to have or is that necessary to have? And you mentioned a two-year timeline from July 2024. How does the one-year option for extension fit in? Is that at your discretion, or is that at the government's discretion? Maybe you can answer the question, Vandita, around the extension. But in – the RIGI bill is clearly attractive. And so, we haven't – what we said is, in the first six months we would come up with some milestones around the project, updated resource, milestones around study phases, FID and so on. But I think we all understand that the RIGI bill is a real demonstration of the Argentinian government's efforts to attract capital investment to the country, and we will actively be looking at whether that presents an opportunity for us. But I would bring you back to the fact we made our initial investment in Filo back in early 2022. And it's because we see this resource as having significant long-term potential. As we start to put the finer brushstrokes on what a development plan may look like, we'll make the call then as to whether to pursue the opportunity presented by the RIGI bill. Yeah. And just on putting the RIGI bill, there are quite a few limbs of RIGI bill which are relevant for us, including, as you mentioned, the window for application for projects which needs to go in within that two-year window and then an implementation from there on. So, we are very comfortable in working through, of course, early days on how to look at that. But overall as a package, it's a positive package, not just in fiscal terms, but also attractiveness and the support for a project like Vicuña, which is there at federal and state level there. A follow-up would be around the phased development strategy. So, you've ring-fenced Filo del Sol and Josemaria. If you did something like a small oxide project, would that be sort of a foot in the door, and then you could grow that into a world-scale project? Or would you have to go back – under the RIGI bill, do you have to define the entire scope of what the development would look like? Still the subject of further consideration, Bob. And again, we're still early on having just closed on Filo, working together with the Lundins on mapping out what that development path may look like. And of course, looking at what the proposal would be that we would take into any RIGI application. Thank you. Your next question comes from Matt Greene with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hey, Mike, Vandita. I have a couple of questions; one on CapEx, one on Jansen. On CapEx, look, we're seeing – it's quite encouraging to see some of the FX tailwinds in unit cost. But can you just comment on how the weaker FX is translating into a CapEx? And then just on the $11 billion sort of ceiling, I guess, we're starting to see your equity-accounted investments potentially going up around resolution of Vicuña, some infrastructure around Jansen, potentially Antamina in the future. So, how should we be thinking about investing cash outflow of the company, I guess, sort of medium-term outlook? Okay. So Vandita, maybe you can answer the question on FX impact on CapEx. I just want to start, though, Matt, with your comment. You referred to the $11 billion as a ceiling. I want to be clear that that is our average guidance on CapEx. It's not a target, and it's not a ceiling. We've noted that we've got the ability to flex upwards or downwards on that $11 billion depending on the opportunity set available to us and depending upon cash inflows into the company. Your point on resolution, Vicuña, Antamina is taken, and those would be equity-accounted. I do note that the $11 billion doesn't back out the joint venture partner shares out of something like Escondida. So, there's kind of – we have to look at it from both sides of the equation. Vandita, FX? On FX – yeah, sure. So, the Australian dollar hasn't really moved materially to make an impact on the copper side, but on the CapEx side – but CLP has. So, Chilean peso would be a benefit, and that will – we are seeing that come through in some of the projects. That's great. Thanks very much. And then just on Jansen, can you just give us an update on how the underground development is progressing. Are you tracking to plan, and I guess where are the risks from here? Yeah, still tracking ahead of plan. You'll recall that we moved first production estimate forward from 2027 into late 2026. That remains the case. Project, Vandita, I think about 67%? 63%. 63% complete now. So, well on track for that late 2026 window. Thank you. Your next question comes from Ephrem Ravi with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Thank you. So, first question on the smelter and refinery expansion at Olympic Dam, the first phase FID by FY 2027. What could be the order of magnitude of CapEx for that? And is it very simplistically to reduce the uranium levels and take more ore from the OZ Minerals assets? And by when would that expansion be ready assuming it's approved? Are we talking by 2030 or beyond that? Okay. So, in order, the CapEx. We haven't provided information yet on capital intensity. We will in due course, as we've done with the Chilean projects. But we want to do it once we've got kind of the next level of confidence around that. I would say that, at a macro level, the economics of that project are going to be supported by the synergies to be unlocked, which you pointed to in the second part of your question, around the OZ Minerals ores. Now, there is a choice for us to make in bringing the OZ Minerals ores through the newly upgraded and expanded smelter, and that is as to whether we were to expand uranium processing capacity in parallel with that or not. And the current indication is the economics of that may be challenged. However, there's still a significant uranium benefit to us in that the Prominent Hill and Carrapateena ores currently incur a uranium penalty that we would remove. So, the synergies here are removal of the uranium penalty, the reduction and transport distance are two big drivers of that, and that will support the economics of the SRE project. Final part of your question was around timing. You're right, we're looking at FID in circa 2027, and then the capacity would be on line in either right at the start of the 2030 and just beyond that. Thank you. Well, operator, I believe that's the last question on the line. There are no further questions on the phone at this stage. Okay. So, I just want to thank everybody for joining this evening. I know it's early morning for many of you. I hope that you can see, coming through in the results, another very reliable set of operational results, strong financial results, and increasing things to be positive about in terms of the growth optionality in the portfolio, both in potash and in copper, which is going to underpin attractive shareholder returns and value growth over the decades to come. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your interest. You may now all disconnect. 
            