
            Management Discussion: Hello, everyone. Welcome to the Basler Three Months Report. We will wait for another 1, 2 minutes to get everyone in the call and then we will start. Okay. So, it looks like that we are complete. Very warm welcome to the First Quarter Results of Basler. We are very happy to have you here on the call, presenting good numbers, good start into the year, and I'm even more happy to also today introduce Ines, our new CFO, my new colleague here. She will introduce herself in a minute and we will start the presentation now. So, before we get into the topics, yeah, we have the obligation here to hint you to our disclaimer. All the statements we are making today and views and assumptions we are having are use or based on information that are available today, the forward-looking statements that we are making are by nature subject to significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Please be aware of this. Yeah, that's how we do the call today. We have a relatively typical agenda for those of you who joined the call on a regular basis. We start with an executive summary. I will do this, and then, Ines will take over to do – give you more insights into the financials. Also, some glimpse on the share development or the share price development. And at the end of the presentation, I will give you an outlook for the remainder of the year, and we will then have enough time also today, hopefully, for a lively Q&A session at the end of this call. Yeah. Let's start the executive summary and start the executive summary with an introduction of Ines. Very happy to have you here today. Last time when we had the call six weeks ago, actually, there was already the question to get to know you better. So happy to have you here. Yes. Thanks, Hardy. And welcome to the audience as well from my side. Very glad to be here and, yeah, also have a pretty good first quarter for me to present. So, maybe just a brief overview on my  (00:09:56). So, I started off as a consultant with KPMG, actually being based in Munich at the time and then, my  past (00:10:06) left me to Infineon. At Infineon, I had basically or roughly three positions overall starting into the business, and then, ending up in the headquarters with two completely different positions,  (00:10:20) the two big acquisitions that Infineon did at the time and then SAP journey, which was pretty interesting to be with the company her. And the past three years, I spent with Thermo Fisher being the CFO of one of the business units, there, it was around €600 million. So, now pretty glad having completed my move from the south of Germany to the north of Germany, starting off with Basler now from January and now from the accounting months and not only days anymore. So. Okay. Thank you, Ines. And also from my side and also from Dietmar side, I can say we are very happy to have you on board. After a couple of months of work, we figured out that we have for us a very complementary strength and also have different perspective. So, it's really – feels good and we are looking forward to manage the company, together into future success. Yeah. Let's go into the topics of Q1 and starting with the market environment of the first quarter of this year. And when we look at the market figures and the best indicator we have at hand, neutral indicator are the numbers from the VDMA, the monthly bookings and billings tracker of the German vision industry exporting worldwide. So, and what we can see here is that Billings went up 11%. So, we have to say the start of the year was stronger than expected also in VDMA. I'm sitting in the imaging porch of the VDMA. There is also this tendency that the start of the year was good. However, what we are also seeing is the bookings declined by 5%. So, it looks like as things are, we'll not move on and is  somewhat (00:12:29) double-digit growth for the remainder of the year. But this is the environment, we were in. In first quarter, when we look more deeper into the vertical markets, we can still say that across the board all verticals are weak. Also the PMIs are weak, as you know, and there are three exceptions actually of vertical markets, where investments happened and where we also saw growth at our end. The one is the consumer electronics industry, but only specifically for better re-inspection in that field. So, we also saw our semicon investments, but only on advanced nodes. So, very small pictures. The general semicon market is still weak, and we saw further growth in logistics, especially in online fulfillment center optimization or automization. The situation with regard to inventory levels at customers is, it's being back to normal, I would say. There are still exceptions with customers having higher inventory levels, but they become exceptional. So, we are back to a normal situation after quarters of distortions. We see ongoing high competition intensity, especially in China and Asia Pacific, and the weakness of the markets is also not helping there. Many companies are fighting for different business or for the business. And last but not least, geopolitical uncertainties have risen. Everyone knows this. Also, the tariffs came on top at the end of this quarter or actually beginning of second quarter. So, how did we do in this environment? And we outperformed by far this environment. Bookings went up 18% in an environment year of around minus 5% and billings even went up 37% in the environment of plus 11%. So, what was the reason for that? Definitely, one of the reason is our global footprints. We were able to benefit from global markets more than from maybe European-ish countries, but we had also a combination of, let's say, solid booking levels in Q1 and the project business, we have won already or we won already in the last quarter of 2024 in US and in China, in the logistics industries and also in consumer electronics, battery inspection. And this combination led to the fact that we had a significant top line growth of 37%. What we have seen in the European market and also in the rest of Asia, outside China, are still very weak environments. And also, here, we had a single-digit growth in Europe in total, excluding Germany, also double-digit growth. Yeah, we are also pretty satisfied with the progress on the margins. You know, that we are working hard for several quarters already to step by step improve our gross margins, we ended up at 48% points. Ines will tell you more about it later. And we have – and I reported this already in the last call, we have successfully implemented our cost lowering program of last year. So, we started the year with a breakeven point of, by and large, €100 million in sales. This all together led to earnings before tax of €6 million in the first quarter, which is around 10% earnings before tax margins. So, a strong year start. How has the team developed? So, we see over time due to also the cost and restructuring measures we did that our number of full-time equivalents over the course of the last quarters have been reduced. So, we ended this quarter, the first quarter of year with 849 full time equivalents. The distribution, as you can see, compared to the first quarter last year, has not changed significantly, but it has changed a little towards or in favor of sales, marketing and a little reduction on admin and R&D. In total, when we look at R&D, the R&D quota in the first quarter was, I would say back to normal, which is for us a guiding principle of at around 13% from sales. But we also have to be  honest (00:18:03), it was also back to normal already because of the significant revenue growth. So, structurally, we think the R&D for us is still significant in size and we want to grow into, let's say, the amount of R&D investment that we are spending at the moment as fast as possible, again to a healthy level and also sustainably here in the range of 13%. In the first quarter itself, we have not brought out, and this is normal seasonality of a lot of new products. We do not publish this to the market. However, we invested heavily. And just to remind you here, we are investing in different areas of our product portfolio. On the top, you see four different areas of hardware portfolio. So, 2D mainstream systems, 2D performance systems and then, we have 3D technologies, different ones, stereo and time of flight. And last but not least, we strongly enter it again, the line scan market by end of last year with launching new products, innovative products, line scan cameras, but also cards with pre-processing functionalities. And where we also heavily invest since years or not even – it's more decade already is our Pylon SDK. So, our software development kits, which is a unified one for all hardware, the customer is buying from Basler in order to make life easy for our customer and also increase step-by-step more functionalities, be it on the configuration of hardware or integration of hardware, but also on image processing, either on standard algorithms or AI. Yeah, one of the highlights on the first quarter, when we talk about how do we presented ourselves for the LogiMAT exhibition show? For those of you who don't know this show, it's a logistics show in Stuttgart. We presented ourselves with – as a, let's say, imaging solution provider in that industry. It's one of our growth markets that we address, as you know, the logistics market. And we – as we have demonstrated here, how imaging technology can be used in order to further optimize and automize logistic processes. Yeah, coming to the end of the executive summary, summarizing everything, we are making further progress on our journey to become a computer vision, full range provider or solution provider, however, you want to call it, by increasing step-by-step or product offering, where we are already far down the road. And then, also addressing those, let's say, components, but even more than that, addressing bundles, addressing such solution subsystems into various different vertical market that applies vision technology to, let's say, to optimize processes or do quality inspection, from factory automation, medical, traffic logistics, retail or agriculture applications. That's it so far from the executive summary. And I will hand over now to Ines for the financials. Thank you. All right. Let me start here with the sales distribution by region. I think we printed out our result a little bit too small. So, in the  (00:22:03) had a nearly €60 million reach, so €59.5 million. And on that page for me, there are two lowlights and two highlights to be talked about. So, maybe let's start with the lowlights. In EMEA, we are currently seeing a slow market, and the market is rather flat and it's the same picture more or less also for Asia. Asia includes our APAC region as well as China. So, I'm rather talking here, the APAC region. Here also the market is small. We don't think that we are underperforming the market, but we are also not overperforming the market. So, we rather grow with the market here, which is, yeah, which displays slow growth rate. On the other hand, you see two highlights. One is hidden in the Asia number. This is China. China for us really outperformed our expectation and the market is mainly project based. So, here we had pretty good results in Q1. And you see Americas, and I want to hint to the, yeah, to the development of the share from the 15% to the 23%, because I would pick that up in the next slide for gross margins. Okay. So, before we start in the profit side, so like even better than bookings and billings side. So, here, I would like to focus on Q4 and Q1. So, you see the indication of the order entry, which was a pretty good one in Q4, which was a lot influenced by projects being in ending with a nearly €59 million that we had in Q4. And you see the relation to the Q1 revenue that we had. So, a lot of backlog conversion and really converting our order entry into revenues. You also see that the order entry has not reached for Q1, the revenue level. And here also, that might be an indication for the future quarters to come. So, we had really a peak from Q4 jumping over into Q1. Now, jumping into gross profit and gross profit margin. Hardy indicated already that 48.1%, which is definitely going from our point of view into the right direction again. It's not where we wanted to have it, but it's close. So, where do we see impact coming from that? One is definitely a volume impact. So, we had increased our volume, and therefore, the sales and had economies of scale there. We don't see the effects of corona materials anymore, so we can really realize savings from material costs and we had mixed effects. One, again, a little bit on the lower side. So, China contributed to the revenue but at a lower margin profile. But Americas was also overdriving and you saw the share being increased. So, here we had a positive mix impact leading us to the 48% level again. All right. And here we have the EBT and the EBT margins. So, that's also basically a story of gross margin and cost performance. So it leads to our goal of profitable growth in the future. So, this year, and this quarter already starting with a very good EBT margin. Where does that come from? So, you see nearly a jump of nearly €10 million. Major part of that is really coming from the volume control that we have from the gross margin. But we also have to remind ourselves that we have a cost reduction in the short work program in Q1 in place. So, there was already OpEx cost reduced. And now, after our cost reduction program, we really see the cost impact coming in and the cost savings. So, it's a mixture of volume and cost reduction in the OpEx side.   (00:26:27) hint to the future, again, as we have a major push from the volumes and the indication of the order entry, we currently don't see that as a standard for us. But, of course, we are pretty glad to have the 10% coming to  plan (00:26:43). So, here, I think that's just the overview of what we just talked about. I just, again, want to hint to the nearly €60 million, €59.5 million, of sales with a 37% increase, the EBIT margin of 10% versus minus 8.3%. And where it's coming from also really a contribution from the gross profit with the 48.1%. So, with that, we are jumping from the results to really the cash picture. Here, we have the free cash flow. So, for the investing cash flow, we have kind of a normal picture again in Q2 and Q3. Just as a reminder, we have the Roboception and our Basler France acquisition included. So, that was not a normal picture for us. So, we are basically back to normal with R&D and CapEx being there with the €2 million. We have the operating cash flow with €0.4 million. There might be the question why it's so less, so small when comparing to the EBT. So here, we have the indication that we had a really big jump of order entry coming from Q4, having a great revenue result in Q1, but not a rotation into the cash flow yet. That means we are sitting currently with a days of around €10 million in receivables, and yeah, a conversion rate that needs to turn over the next months and quarters. They are just as an indication. We also have China in with lower conversion rates than the rest of our regions. So yeah, overall, picking the previous picture up, I think we started with a free cash flow of the minus €2.2 million. We have the cash flow from financing. I think that's pretty stable. We are paying back our debt and interest rates and our cash at the end of the period. Again here the hint. That is really because of our receivables being up by nearly by nearly €10 million. So, once that rotates, we are expecting it to flow into our cash of course. You see also that decrease in the liability to banks with us paying back our debt and the liabilities are, of course, decreasing and yeah, net debts in relation to the cash and our cash flows, plus minus stable a bit up there. With that, I go to my last slide and I'm handing  (00:29:47). You can also follow...   (00:29:49) Okay. So, here we have the shareholder structure. So here, to be honest, not a lot of change. We, of course, draw the picture. But again, no material indication of any data. So and here, we brought the development of our share price starting from the year. We had an opening price of €6.09. By the end of March, we were at €8.70. And I think at least for us very positive that we outperformed our index. All right. Okay. Now, I take over and take the mouse here. Thank you Ines. Yeah. This brings us already to the outlook, maybe one of the most interesting parts also of the presentation for you. Before we start with the classic outlook, I mean, this time we have to put a slide on here, I guess, due to the new situation of the US tariffs. And we want to give you some more feeling and insights during the presentation, and here, maybe we want to separate here between things we can manage, we can influence and there are also things at the moment that are out of control and hard to predict, actually. But starting with the left-hand side. To give you a feeling, we have based on the guidance you know, our current guidance, we have approximately an export volume to the US of, by and large, €30 million. This gives you a feeling what the exposure is that we are having towards tariffs. Most of the products we export to the US are German origin products, so produced in Germany or mix into a product produced in Germany. There are some third-party products that we obviously also are purchasing from other countries, mixing them in or even just forwarding them. And some of those third-party products are also like cables coming from China. So, there we have relatively high tariffs at the moment. What we work on at the moment and what we believe is the direct effect, the direct extra costs of the tariffs, at least when they stay in the range of the 10% or 20% that are up for debate at the moment, we are able to pass through mostly and mitigate, but we need to do some work on it to make this happen, to make this happen in our systems, to also get into interaction with our clients. So, it will take some time. So, it will definitely impact the second quarter. But for the second half of the year, we hope to mitigate this substantially. When we talk about the overall direct costs of the tariffs on our year annual results. This at the moment, to be honest, we don't want to, I mean, or we cannot seriously quantify and publish this at the moment because there are so many variables in the air product mix, demand patterns. Also the question where do the tariffs end up to the risk of tariffs come or not, at what level? So, at this point in time, we want to, let's say, watch this closely, keep you updated. But we don't want to give quantified figures out at this point in time because it would not be serious. On the right-hand side, and this is giving us, at least for a similar level, certain challenge than the left-hand side is the macroeconomic development. You know that most of our clients are investment goods, companies that build machines, devices, and it's a B2B2B business. In such an environment of uncertainty, there is definitely a macroeconomic question marks and most likely also certain slowdown momentum happening. Another topic, our exchange rate volatility. We have seen them already relatively quick after the announcement of the tariffs on our end here. It hurts us most of this the US dollar, the Korean won, the Japanese yen and also the Chinese yuan. So, all these currencies are getting weaker against the euro and giving us definitely headwinds. So, what are the assumptions for, let's say, the outlook of the remainder or for the remainder of the year? In total, we are still confirming and in line with the expectations of also trade associations that we expect at the markets to make a sideway move on an annual basis. This is also what we had as an assumption in the annual report for the couple of weeks ago. So, no change here. However, what we have seen the year started with a better momentum, and now, for the remainder of the year, we most likely expect here a cool off due to the uncertainties and due to the tariff situation itself. What does it mean for us here? More specifically, we believe the direct costs will hit our gross margin in the second quarter, but after that, we can largely mitigate it. But in the second half of the year, we – yeah, we see the risk of the market slowdown kicking in. We have at the moment obviously very low visibility for the remainder of the year. For those of you who are not so close, we typically have order books at hand for the next two, maximum three months. So, this means our bookings turn around very quickly into billings. And the real order on hand, visibility is relatively short. Said already, we expect high volatility in the leading currencies. So, outside the euro area. Unfortunately, all of these currencies at the moment are getting weaker against the euro. And we also assume that the competition intensity will remain high, will especially in China and in Asia-Pacific, with our Chinese competition being very aggressive to win further market share. On this basis and the  (00:37:27) Q1 start, we confirm our guidance that we have given out and we confirm the revenue corridor of €186 million, up to €198 million for this year. And we also confirm the EBT margin between 0% and 5%. So, obviously, after such a good first quarter, you can see we are reflecting that there would be some cooling off in the next months and quarters. We also want to be careful, stay very concentrated on winning, let's say, more top line impacts and making further progress on the gross margin. But we have to do this most likely in an environment that is further challenging. But we are confident to get to this guidance here. On the midterm, we are still very positive, no change here. We believe the computer vision market sooner or later will grow again, that we have positive cycles kicking in. Also the first quarter shows what's possible and we also are fully convinced of our strategy from a single component factory automation-oriented company to a full line provider acting in many markets. What we need to get there to the €275 million top line in 2028 and also bring us as soon as possible back to 12% earnings before tax margin is the recovery of the markets at the latest in 2026 and also the excess to China needs to remain. I mean, we definitely believe China will not grow at the pace like China did in the last 10 years. We also have a different competition landscape, no doubt about it. But we still have a very interesting and sizable business in China. And this size of the business, we don't – we could not if the market excess is gone, we could not complement for or substitute for in other regions shortly. So, this needs to remain open. But looking at these conditions, looking at the situation, we are very confident to move on and to get to this goal here. And this brings us to the end of our presentation. We are happy about the Q1 results and have this long-term goal here in mind, working very passionate about it. So, thank you very much for the – for your listening. And now, we get into the interactive part and my colleague,  Jan (00:40:25), is already in the background opening up the Q&A session for us so you can either write into the chat or you can unmute yourself or  Jan (00:40:38) can do,  Jan (00:40:39), maybe you give some hints how to do things or instructions? 
            Questions and Answers: Yeah. Of course, welcome from my side too. So, yeah, again, you have two ways to write or to send your questions. Either you write it into the chat or you just raise your hand. You have that option in your interface, and then I will unmute you. But you also have to unmute yourself in order to be able to speak. So, I'm checking. I think I'm getting a first question of Robert-Jan. You might still unmute yourself, please give it a try. Yes. Hi. You should be able to hear me now. Yeah. Hi Robert. Yeah, we can hear you. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, I do have a question on, first of all, on the ways you might mitigate tariffs. I think we've talked in the past that not all your production facilities are Germany or all your workers are paid in euro. So, I was just wondering how fast you would be able, if need be, to transfer some production from here to Singapore. And if you expect that this would also or might also help currency headwinds that you see? And my second question would be on the guidance, especially the top line. So, I understand the burden of currency effects on the gross margin that you mentioned. But looking at, you know, already said the order intake might be a good orientation for where things are going in Q2. But then, in the first half of the year will probably still be at more than half of the upper end of the guidance. So, maybe give me some idea where the caution in H2 comes from. And also, on the order intake side, just a gut feeling how things have developed since Q1 because, of course, quarter-on-quarter order intake was down, but it was still above €50 million, which is kind of comfortable when we look at where your breakeven is now? Yeah. Okay. Thank you, Robert, for the question. So, the first couple of questions regarding the mitigation of the supply chain, so for everyone here on the call, roughly 80% of our units are produced in Ahrensburg,Germany and 20% are produced in Singapore. This varies a bit, but by and large. Obviously, depending on the tariffs, let's say, where the tariffs end up. I think, at the moment there is no spread between Singapore and Germany, but where the tariffs end up, it would be an option for us to at least partially deliver to US from Singapore. And to your question, Robert, how long does it take? You know our mitigation strategy, we figured out that it would take us a couple of months for, by and large, 20% of the volume being consumed in US because we have already the products there. But we need to create the processes to export to US. It would take us maybe 6 to 12 months to get to, by and large, probably 50% of the consumption because there we need to transfer more products that are not currently produced in Singapore. And then, the last, let's say 50% roughly, this will take longer. And there is also question whether it's even economical because we have a very broad product range and a long tail of product. So, then we have to calculate the extra cost exporting versus the extra costs of implementing production technologies for relatively outlaying products. So, this might give you a feeling, yes, we have the option. Yes, some is quick, but it will not solve the problem 100%. Okay. So, we need to see how the – in the longer run, how the spreads will come down. The currency effect you mentioned would be definitely there, because the supply chain in Singapore has more US dollar base costs. So, it would us make less vulnerable on the US dollar side, yeah, because of the higher material hedge. This is correct. Okay. Second question, why we are so cautious? So, maybe give you an outlook about the reasons. So, what we have seen in – for the booking levels in the recent past, so – and April and also the last weeks, we have still a sound or okay order entry, but we see order entries slowing down a bit. Is there just a correlation or is there also cause and effect of the tariffs? To be honest, we don't know yet. We need to figure out with our clients further. We are still working also on very interesting projects. But as we are in the situation that all of customers are investment good makers, we also don't want to be naïve, even maybe if the customers are not changing their behaviors right now, that these uncertainties will have no impact in their investment decisions. And then, also in the, yeah, in the amount of machines and devices sold into B2B markets during the course of the next quarters. Maybe we are bit too cautious, but also we don't want to be too bullish. We want to make sure that even after such a good quarter that we stay very alert on top line growth in making this happen, but also on challenges in the market. So – and this is why at the moment we are better a bit too cautious than too bullish. This is the philosophy at the moment. Of course. Understood. Maybe one quick follow-up. I mean, we've talked in the past a lot about Chinese competitors, but are there significant competitors with a lot of cost base in the US sales so that you might be substituted, not necessarily because you're cheaper now, but because, you know, people take a more local-for-local approach. Is there a significant competitive risk in the US? Yeah, from the competition landscape, the situation is that all of that, say important and when I mean importance, well our all top competitors that have certain size are non-US companies. There is one large tech company in North America that is Teledyne, that is one of our top competitors. Most of their locations for the vision products are in Canada. So, there is, at least from what we know at the moment, there is no competitive advantage. We are all in the same situation. And obviously, the Chinese competitors in an even worse situation because the market is more or less closed now for them. But for all others, it's a similar situation. Okay, perfect. Thanks. Thanks, Robert.   (00:49:08) More questions? Yeah, I'm just reading out one question that came in through the chat. So,  Michelle Week (00:49:18)is asking, considering the difficult financial situation and also taking into account global challenges like the tariffs, whether you would reconsider developing camera systems for the military segment or the defense segment? Yeah. With regard to military, what we see is we get definitely more inquiries from military companies, and so far, we have definitely the policy not to enter, let's say, as focus markets into the military segment. And we even had an ethic policy or have an ethic policy in place that is, let's say, trying to make sure that products we sell are not ending up in weapons systems. So, the second one is getting tougher and tougher. And also we have recently, during the course of the last days actually, we have just informed also our employees that we are about to change this ethics policy or military and defense policy in a way that we actively do not want people to use our products into weapon systems. So, we are open now for inquiries. Does this end up in substantial business growth? To be frank, we don't think so, because the military market is a very special marketplace. And in order to strategically entering it on the sales side, on the technology side, will definitely take a couple of years. So we will get more requests from customers, that we will also positively answer and deliver. But this will not end up in significant extra business. However, we will also look into this opportunity in more depth during the course of the next months and quarters and also in other strategic processes, but this is more something for the mid to long-term development of the company. Okay. Thanks a lot. Just going to the second question in the chat from  Martin Fabwick (00:51:49). Sales in America are more or less doubled in Q1 for 2025 compared to 2024. And he's asking whether this growth is in any way impacted by shipment brought forward to avoid the import tariffs or whether it was all 100% related to the historic awarded order wins or projects? Yeah, so there is a clear answer of this is all the latter case. So, there was no pull-in. We said no – the tariffs are not the root cause of it. It's a combination really of, let's say, market pickup plus the significant projects, and these projects we were working on for many quarters already, and there was a rollout plan for that was fixed independent of the tariffs. Okay. I don't see any additional questions in the chat right now and no hands raised so far. Maybe we can wait some additional seconds if something comes up. But right now, I mean, you always have a chance to send out your questions after the call, of course. So, I don't see additional questions right now. So, maybe it's done for the time. Okay. Thank you very much to everyone. We are happy to see you in three months down the road. And let's see what the market brings for us over the course of the next weeks and months. Thank you very much. See you soon. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
            