
            Management Discussion: Good morning and welcome to CaixaBank Results Presentation for the Third Quarter of 2024. As usual, we are joined today by our CEO, Gonzalo Gortázar; and our, CFO, Javier Pano. In terms of logistics, we plan to spend about 30 minutes with the presentation and about 50 minutes to 1 hour with the Q&A. The Q&A is live and you should have received instructions by email on how to participate. My team and I will be at your full disposal after the call. And without further ado, Gonzalo, the floor is yours. Thank you, Marta. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to this presentation. You've seen our results this morning.  I'd say as (00:00:48) the slides says it's a very strong operating momentum. Activity levels particularly in customer funds is what I would highlight the most. New lending, up 20%; although in terms of balances, as you will see later, obviously we're still in a very low growth environment, but some positive signals here. And when you look into net inflows, protection premia, and then customer funds, both off balance sheet wealth management balances are up 9% and on-balance sheet deposits are 5.5%. Quite remarkable, only in nine months. Very strong activity growth here, which also explains just how we will get into – how is our customer spread, et cetera, evolving in the quarter; based on great news, which is the fact that we are attracting more, more funds and growing nicely. Revenue growth is obviously relevant both in terms of the NII. If you look at it on a nine-month basis, if you look at it on quarter-on-quarter, we've managed to stabilize NII. We have been expecting growth – sorry, negative growth in sort of quarterly NII, but we managed to avoid that one for the quarter. Cost income, cost of risk, all pointing into the right direction. And then that leads us to a fairly solid result in terms of net profit. And obviously, again, significant capital generation. This quarter we are announcing the interim dividend at the top end of the range that we gave some quarters ago. So, 40% of the first half-year results, €1.1 billion. And then even if we have not yet finalized the fourth share buyback, we have already received approval for the fifth one, which obviously we will execute after we present our plan in the Capital Markets Day and obviously after we finalized the fourth one. So activity, profitability, asset quality, efficiency and capital generation, all moving in the right direction in line with expectations. But it's nice to see them mostly off the top of the range in almost all dimensions. Quick reminder, we want to continue to emphasize and we do this obviously for you, but also for a wider audience, that we're a different bank, that we have a different place in society. And some of the initiatives that you see in this page in terms of financial inclusion are, I would say, outstanding compared to other players in the Spanish market. Microfinance as well. Our social DNA, we're volunteering efforts, which we have had in Valencia now terrible rains and flood or having already our volunteers helping out. Besides a number of initiatives that we're taking in terms of extending facilities and facilitating insurance payments, all that here in this heavily affected region of Valencia where we are currently based and talking from Valencia. ESG, well ahead of our mobilization finance commitments – sustainable finance mobilization, sorry, and obviously looking forward to present in the next Capital Markets Day what our targets are for the following years. Spanish economy doing very well. You see how conservative we've been in our projections. I think generally most economists have been in Spain, but all always surprised on the upside. Last projection is for 2.8% growth this year. Based on yesterday's figure for the third quarter, there's clearly upside towards the 3%, I would say. But obviously our economic research team will come up with their own conclusions. But clearly, economy growing 3% while Europe is growing below 1% is quite remarkable. Portugal doing well this year, not as well as Spain, but as you can see, we're expecting them to converge into the 2025. Employment, PMIs tourism, generally we see the right trends and obviously very significant divergence with the Eurozone. And actually, this time it's for the better. Okay. Business volume, up 4.5% in these nine months. Obviously, it's mostly related to customer funds, but you see how we have now regained our ability to gain clients 200,000 in the last 12 months. Also, we're increasing the proportion of relational – more loyal clients and generally with increase in market shares in Spain and as you will see later also in Portugal. Loan generation, new loan production, up 20%. You see particularly higher in in mortgages. Obviously, there's a significant process of amortization as well, or payments and prepayments, scheduled payments and prepayments. But as you will see, the balance of mortgages is also growing. Consumer lending is up and new business lending also with some positive momentum. When you look at the balance sheet, I think one very remarkable thing is consumer lending. Again, another 1.5% – 1.4% growth this quarter for a total of 5.9% in nine months, which is obviously way ahead of our expectations for this year and the dynamics are pretty good also in terms of asset quality and what we see from the behavior of our clients. The other highlight is mortgages. We're basically flat in the year. But you see on the bottom right-hand side how we have had now two consecutive quarters of stock growth in our stock of mortgages and growing, which is obviously pretty good. Businesses are up as well here. We have a bit of seasonality in the third quarter. We'll have to see how the fourth quarter and also hopefully again will confirm that inflection point we were talking about last summer when we present our second half results. But clearly, given the seasonality and the traditional weakness of the third quarter, to me these are pretty good numbers. The same way that the customer funds were quite remarkable. And here you have some details. The 9% year-to-date wealth management in the quarter; and deposits, again, pretty good. Deposits are stable this quarter. But remember, we have big seasonality, positive seasonality in June. We were expecting a drop in deposits this quarter. Actually, they did not come down and I'm sure Javier will elaborate into that. So I won't spend more time. But again, very good dynamics. You see some of the market share figures quite good, giving us comfort that we can actually build on our ability to grow volumes faster than our competitors here in Spain, as we have traditionally been doing. Wealth management, volume growth, and net inflows, all pretty good. You have the numbers. Market shares, as you can see, particularly remarkable again in savings insurance. And then the fact that we have both an underpenetrated customer base coming from original Bankia clients that is gradually moving and converging, but we still have plenty of potential there on the fact that overall the market is still underpenetrated vis-à-vis the Eurozone all make us fundamentally bullish on this business. Something similar in protection insurance in terms of our ability to further penetrate former Bankia clients and the convergence with Europe, you can see those statistics on the right-hand side. And again the quarter has been pretty good, 11% growth year-to-date in premia and a good diversification between all the non-life components, health, home, auto. And I can see obviously opportunities across the board as well here. BPI, I mentioned it briefly, good performance return on tangible equity 20%, cost income below 40% at 39%. Pretty impressive numbers for a bank that seven years ago when we took control was obviously with very different statistics cost income above 70%, and a very low profitability. It's doing a fantastic job, BPI. Asset quality coverage and market share all doing well. Obviously, still plenty for them and for us to do in Portugal. Revenue is up based on all the factors that I mentioned. Efficiency, cost of risk leading to our return on tangible equity at 16.9%, just very close to the 17% and above that we're expecting for this year. And one final word on capital. I mentioned the highlights that we've actually generated a lot of capital 171 basis points year-to-date based on high profitability and still pretty good – or pretty low rather than pretty good RWA growth. We have announced the fifth share buyback as I mentioned before, and also the interim dividend payment. And with that, we basically have either executed or announced that ongoing €9.5 billion of capital distribution during this three-year period. So, there's another €2.5 billion pending, which we obviously expect to get to between now and the end of the plan, including obviously distribution of the final dividend and any additional capital distribution that we need to do to get to that €12 billion, which is obviously clear now, very close to us for it to be reached. And with that, I leave you with Javier. Okay. Thank you, Gonzalo. Well, good morning from my side. I will try to be brief with my comments on details on the P&L and the balance sheet. Starting with this consolidated income statement focusing on the evolution for the third quarter. Net income, €1.57 billion, that is an increase of slightly over 3%. You know that the third quarter is usually a quarter with some seasonality impacting some of the key P&L line. So hence you may see gross income up by 1.9% year-on-year, but down 2.7% quarter-on-quarter. This is not the case for net interest income. As Gonzalo said, this progress and also quarter-on-quarter we lowered our rate on the following slide on that topic. Wealth management doing really well up by close to 30% year-on-year, close to 6% quarter-on-quarter. Protection insurance with strong commercial dynamism. Although we have some non-recurring factors impacting the evolution year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. So I would elaborate on that in a few minutes. Then banking fees that as you may see on a year-on-year basis close to flattish as these let's say underlying pressure from maintenance fees on current accounts is gradually fading. And quarter-on-quarter with flat seasonality impacting a few of the key businesses, among those CIB, the third quarter always softer. Then on other revenues. Not much to remark. I would only say that we have somewhat lower trading income this quarter. And then below, on total operating expenses and one-off charges, I say that this is everything doing according to plan. So we are set to meet the guidance for the year on both. And then finally, other provisions with strong improvement, as you may see. Let's move now to the details, starting with NII. I will have a more detailed explanation about some of the different moving parts here. So year-to-date, we have an NII up by 13.6% quarter-on-quarter. As we have said, a little bit positive. That commercial NII that is having a negative contribution as we have loan index reset that impacting negatively, but this is at least partially compensated by a better performance on the commercial gap and higher average liquidity. And on top of that, we have a positive contribution from ALCO mainly as precisely lower rates are already filtering into our wholesale funding that, as you know, is mainly swapped into floating. So below you have the evolution of the customer spread. And it's down by 15 basis points to 343 basis points. Then what is behind that is precisely that we have the back book deal of the loan book down by 12 to 447 basis points, and then client fund costs that are up by 3 basis points. On the right-hand side, we have therefore the additional information. Gonzalo already commented that we have had a really strong quarter in terms of inflows into deposits. I would say that close to offsetting the really strong seasonality we usually have a – positive seasonality we usually have in the second quarter. Remember that it was like deposits growing by €20 billion. So, we have been able almost to compensate that in the third quarter. And as a consequence, average deposit balances are already 4% up year-to-date, 3% up quarter-on-quarter. We have had the strong inflows, some of those coming from large depositors, public sector. As a consequence, the wave of interest-bearing deposits has gone up by 2.2 percentage points to 25.8%. But at the same time, the cost of those same interest-bearing deposits is already trending down 2.86% for this quarter on average, and set to clearly come down as major part of those are fully indexed. But what we have added here is precisely the evolution of noninterest-bearing balances. This is, as we call it internally the jewel of the crown. And we have been able to maintain these stable quarter-on-quarter. And as you may see pretty much as they was in the first quarter of this year. So, as a consequence, we are now expecting fiscal year 2024 NII to be over the €11 billion. Let's move now to revenues from services. On that front, year-to-date, we are up by 3.8%; wealth management is, as you see, up by more than 12%; protection by 6%. And precisely on that front, we have some non-recurring factors that are impacting the view quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year. Quarter-on-quarter, remember that they on non-life insurance we had last quarter extraordinarily positive in Portugal and this is impacting the quarter-on-quarter evolution. And year-on-year on the third quarter last year we had an exceptionally low base of claims on life-risk insurance and as a consequence, the year-on-year comparison is less favorable. As I said, this business, as you know well, we were strong believers and is set to continue to do really well in the long-term. Fees I say commented that that seasonality impact in CIB and the maintenance fees that they have gradually having less impact as you can see on the year-on-year evolution. A few words on cost up by 4.5% year-to-date. We are planning to meet our guidance. Remember, costs were slightly below 5%, although we are going to be at the upper bound of that guidance. You may see on the central chart below that our cost to income is hovering circa 39% and with on the bridge on the right with the strong contribution from revenues. And I think that finally on comments on the P&L, some words on one-off charges, it has been an uneventful quarter, I would say, with cost of risk at 28 basis points on a 12-month rolling basis. We continue to hold comfortable NPL coverage at 71% and still maintaining unassigned overlays for circa €500 million. Moving to the balance sheet, some comments on NPLs down by €100 million, €10.4 billion is the stock. As a consequence, the NPL ratio remains pretty much unchanged, 2.69%, well below the average of the industry in Spain, as you may see. You have the breakdown across the different segments, as you may see, very close to the average. So that is not any particular segment deteriorating or showing signs of deterioration, something that actually we are no longer expecting in any case. A very ample liquidity position, which is part of our DNA, as you know very well, our liquidity coverage ratio at 213% and the stable funding ratio 148%. More than €200 billion of liquidity sources, €224 billion, very stable deposit funding, 77% retail, 23 large depositors. This has increased a little bit, partially due to those inflows I mentioned before. A few words on MREL and the funding plan that is actually completed for the year successfully. We closed the quarter with an MREL ratio at 28%, 33%. The requirement is 366 basis points below, so with a very comfortable buffer as you may see. We are complying with our requirements, mainly with subordinated instruments. And for the year, we have issued €7.3 billion, and of which, 39% is issued successfully. The third quarter, €3 billion, €1 billion Tier 2 for the year. We have issued more than 30% in foreign currency, mainly US dollars continuing with guarantee diversification we already started a few years ago. And finally, capital, we are already deducting this €500 million share buyback just announced today, minus 22 basis points on CET1. And from that, we have plus 71 basis points of organic capital generation, minus 43 basis points from dividend accrual and AT1s, and then minus €5 million from other impacts resulting into our CET1 ratio at 12.24%. That is very comfortable MDA buffer at 362 basis points. Continue increasing shareholder value with the book value per share up by more than 11% once considering the dividends paid. You know that we keep with our evolution policy that for share buyback that this approximately three quarters already executed the interim dividend with an EPS of €0.1488 and this fifth share buyback approved by the ECB and by the board and set to start at some point from the November the 19. November 19 is our Investor Day, the day we are presenting a new three-year plan. Remember in Madrid at 9:00 AM local time, we are happy to see that plenty of you have already confirmed attendance. So we'll be glad to host you live. So thank you very much and I think we are ready for questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Yes, please. Operator, first question, please. The first question is from Antonio Reale of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Good morning, everyone. It's Antonio from Bank of America. A couple of questions for me, please. The first one is on liquidity, which continues to be one of your key strengths. And if I'm not mistaken, this quarter, I think you've increased average liquidity by almost €10 billion, which is a big number for a bank that doesn't need it. Now, you're paying for this, of course. And if I heard correctly, I think Javier you said 2.8% or so. But then you got a positive carry against ECB rate. I guess you can continue to make money as long as your cost of liquidities is lower than the ECB rate. So my question for you is, at what level of ECB rates do you think that mismatch longer works for you? Not necessarily looking for an answer but I think your general logic around it, I think will be very helpful. That's my first question. The second one is on your activity levels in wealth management. With nearly €9 billion of net inflows in the first nine months, can you give us a sense of what the product mix has been for us to understand the fee margin coming from this and how can this affect your fee growth outlook going forward? Thank you. I think that's for you. Okay. Okay, Antonio, good morning. Well, in terms of deposit growth, yes, you are right. We have had a really strong third quarter as I said, close to offsetting the very strong seasonality, positive seasonality we had during the second quarter. Well, we are growing on liquidity, on deposits, but for a good reason. So first thing, deposits do have a margin. Usually, those large depositors, let's say that the rate that we agree with them is an index. So it's basically on the overnight index. And that is, I would say, almost always a margin and it's always a positive margin. So to the point about the ECB mismatch, so when rates go down, the same will do what we pay for those deposits because it's automatic, so it's indexed. So that positive margin always will be within the bank. We have had some extraordinaries on that front from large depositors. But I would rather focus on the underlying, which is precisely what I mentioned while presenting the slide, jewel of the crown as we call it internally, which is precisely those non-interest bearing deposits, that are remarkably being stable during the quarter. So we are not cannibalizing, let's say, that deposit base, transforming those into expensive deposits. So I think that this is the way we are focusing our commercial focus. So I would say that that's the case. And precisely, I think that I forgot mentioning when I presented the slide but probably you realized that we have increased the amount of hedges during the quarter, so by €7.5 billion. So we are now holding an outstanding amount of €37 billion. So basically, we are trying to hedge precisely that pool of deposits that are non-interest bearing and to retain that spread for us as long as possible. So this is a little bit what is behind that hedging. At the same time, for those that of you that follow that slide where we detailed plenty of information about the ALCO activities, you also probably will realize that we have increased €3 billion on fixed rate mortgages in our quarter. So all that is gradually hedging the positioning of the bank, the sensitivity of the bank. You know that we are aiming this kind of 5% sensitivity to parallel shifts of the yield curve of 100 basis points. And this is why we are trying to hedge as volumes are doing better, but there is no mismatch in that sense. On wealth management, well, we are having strong inflows in the year. Last year, inflows were probably more skewed towards annuities. It was probably two-thirds last year. This is a little bit over one quarter. So it's a little bit less. There was like a pent-up demand for the product that was when rates went up.  The long end (00:28:11) went up, so we were able to originate those products at a better yield. And I think that probably last year, there was a pent-up demand into those. This year, still we have some demand for money market funds. So I think that over time, this will flow into other products. So far, despite having a stronger wave of money market funds, we are being able to maintain quite a stable management fee that is on average I think 80 basis points for our AUMs. And once you are into the mutual fund ecosystem, then you know that for tax reasons in Spain, you can move around different asset classes, very tax efficiently. So we think that that process will accelerate eventually. And as markets keep doing well, etcetera, so it's a process that takes its time and for sure it will come. I don't know if I am missing something else here, Marta. No. We're done I think. Okay. Thank you, Antonio. Next question, please. The next question is from Maks Mishyn of JB Capital. Please go ahead. Hello. Good morning. Thank you very much for the presentation and taking our questions. I have three. The first one is on loan book growth. You mentioned in the presentation that you were protecting margins in the third quarter. Could you please share some more color on what happened there? Do you see more competition? And if so, in which segment has it been changing or most competitive? The second question is on the share of remunerated deposits. How much would have been your cost of deposits if there were no inflows to public sector deposits? And how do you see the share of remunerated deposits evolved as rates move down to 2% in the coming years? And then the last one is on taxes. Have you included any provisions related to the recent revision of the special tax paid in 2023 and 2024? And what kind of impact do you expect from the changes currently proposed by the government? Thank you. Thank you, Maks. Let me start on the two other topics. On the loan book, I would say there is very strong competition across the board. Mortgages, certainly very competitive, and on the business front is also quite competitive. Banks continue to be liquid. They have capital and they generate more capital and growth is limited. I'd say you've seen our mortgage loan book growing slightly. The new production is pretty good, but the loan books are stabilizing now, moving from slightly negative to slightly positive there. And on the business front, generally, the market is still low, no growth. We're doing pretty well. We're also obviously helped by our growth in our international branches. So there's very strong competition. That is the reality. There's also very visible offer in Spain that is not resulting in anyone being distracted, quite the opposite. I think competition is pretty strong across the board and is particularly intense in the asset side. I say we obviously always look at protecting margins, but we cannot be isolated from the market environment overall. I am not expecting that to change. I think this is likely to continue to be fairly competitive on the asset side. That's the reality. And I mean, across the board, I think on the consumer lending, obviously price and margins have different dynamics because it's smaller, it's more – it's making sure that you have the appropriate sort of point of sale convenience being at the right point in the right time. And that will continue, I would guess, to be that way for most consumer. Others are also fairly price sensitive. But I wouldn't expect a changing environment from that point of view. In terms of taxes, we have appropriate provisions for the current sort of tax reviews that are taking place. It is not entirely closed, but certainly as we see, we are a very conservative institution with provisions for these contingencies that cover appropriately our risks. The future of the tax is under debate. As you know, it expires this year but actually, yesterday, there was a proposal to create a tax that is, as I would say, in line with the existing one, but with some differences. We are analyzing those. The proposal is to create these tax for just three years, not as a permanent, but obviously two years and up to now and then another three years. So it's not an initiative that we obviously like and support. And we will be vocal and we have been vocal about the negative consequences of converting this tax into a kind of a more permanent one. But in terms of the impact on the future, I think it's it's too early and I don't think it's going to be necessarily very different from where we are now. And I would say if I were in your shoes, I would sort of keep something in line with what the banking tax has been so far, because what I have seen on the one hand is higher. But on the other hand, there are deductions which seem to me may offset each other, but we are still early, early days and we need to look how this evolves. And obviously, we're not going to stop actively explaining why we think it's not a good idea going forward to maintain this. Okay. Well, Maks, there are a few forward-looking questions that I am sure that in a few weeks we – well, just less than three weeks actually, we can give you further detail, the percentage of remunerated deposits, etcetera. But let's say that you had the question about the deposit inflows. Let me elaborate a little bit here more. So basically what happens here is that the public sector had access to direct access to the ECB, direct lead to up to March 2023, actually continue to have access, but at a lower rate. So what is that over time and during the last few quarters, plenty of balances that were deposited by the public sector directly into the ECB are being recycled into the system. And what this is, this is having an impact. So, if we were stripping out those balances but just those balances, well, our average cost for the quarter probably would have been a few basis points lower. But I will not, I will say, reach too many conclusions from that, because as I said that, I think that the first question, those are deposits that are mainly indexed and we already hold 50% of our interest bearing deposits that are indexed. The major part of those indexed to the overnight interest rate. So hence, we are basically set to reprice this downwards really, really soon. And as I indexed to the overnight index, it's different. If you are indexed to the overnight index, that indexed to 12 month of Euribor because 12 month of Euribor is more forward-looking and actually rates are starting to come down faster. But if you are indexed to the other nine, there is a small lag until the rate actually comes down. So I think that is probably having an impact. But well, in any case, all those different dynamics impacting NII are actually taking into account while managing our sensitivities, etcetera. So that's from my side. Okay. Thank you, Maksym. And next question, please. The next question is from Alvaro Serrano of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Good morning. I have kind of one follow up. And sorry, Javier, because I know you're going to point maybe to the Investor Day. But just on your 5% rate sensitivity, can you remind us because some banks have different assumptions here, I'm sure you aware what kind of mix shift would you expect in your either term deposits or interest bearing mix, because one of your competitors was expecting  (00:38:06) term deposits could actually, the mix could fall by half. Just wondering what you have there in your assumption. And then a completely different question maybe for Gonzalo. What's the logic behind the buyback announcing it now? We were kind of prepared for interim by banks from the experience last year. Should we start to think about quarterly buyback? Talk us through the logic and what to expect in the future. Thank you. Thank you, Alvaro. I'm happy to take the second question and then let Javier. Well, our share buyback logic is obviously we generate capital that is above the 12% target level, and that we do lose these very recurrently, and hence, when we see that we have some decent size, we're not going to do buybacks, probably smaller than  500 (00:39:15). We'll never know. But we are thinking that  400 (00:39:19) is a round number. And when we get to having enough capital above 12%, that equates to at least  500 (00:39:26) we get into the approval process with the ECB. As you know, the ECB does not want to see buybacks announced until they are approved, which I understand why. And obviously, when we receive those approvals, I will receive these approvals a few days ago, then we have a board meeting to make it effective. And in this case, it actually was at the time of our quarterly results. So it was a natural thing to announce. While we see this capital generation, this base, logically, what you should assume is that we have a level of above €500 million beyond the 12% that we are likely to start of that process. There could be at some point some circumstances I will not comment to that. Sort of 100% of cases, we're expecting at some point that maybe there is a headwind here or there or our sort of views of the future change. We could be a bit more conservative, but otherwise we want to be very disciplined, recurrent. So you should be fairly confident that we'll continue to behave in this way. And as long as we create capital because risk-weighted assets continue to grow at very low level and we generate capital well above our dividend, these will continue. That's the plan here. Hi, Alvaro. Well, as you say, plenty of that will be the focus of our next meeting. We tend to think that in a positive rate environment, it is going to be difficult that for those claims that are already holding a time deposit, eventually will stop having a time deposit and those balances will shift into a non-interest bearing account. So what is behind is more probably the thinking that we are going to be able to pass on lower rates into those time deposits than not the fact that those time deposits will disappear and balances would shift into 0% account. And this is, I guess, in our case in particular as we have circa 50% of our interest bearing deposits at that... [Technical Difficulty] (00:42:00) I think because we are in Valencia and we receive these alerts. My apologies. Yeah. It's another – because of the floods. I don't know. Sorry. I was saying that we have circa 50% of our interest bearing deposits that are indexed. So we tend to think that those will remain remunerated, although at a lower level because it's indexed. So my point is that for all these balances that will not change that much but at a lower yield, clearly. Okay. Thank you, Alvaro. Thank you very much. Thank you, Alvaro. Next question, please. The next question is from Ignacio Javier Ulargui Lopez of BNP Paribas Exane. Please go ahead. Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for the presentation and for taking my questions. I just have two questions, if I may. I mean, the first one is on fees. And I mean, given the performance that we have seen so far in the year, how should we expect about the performance of fees into the year? You have a guidance for low single-digit growth on fees and on the wealth management of fees and insurance businesses. How should we think about that? Should we expect this to gain more relevance in the future? And the other question is on Portugal. If I just look to Portugal, you have been gaining market share over the last three, four years steadily. That has done very well on both lending and deposits. Just wanted to understand a bit, how do you see Portugal, whether you think there is still organic growth opportunities and whether you would potentially consider inorganic growth. Thank you, Ignacio. And I'll start with Portugal and I'll say we continue to be very bullish in Portugal. I mean, economy is doing well. And I think there's a good basis for that structural growth to continue and to continue outperforming. Bankia is on extremely well continues to gain market share. Competition is is probably more robust now than five years ago but still it's gaining market share and quality of service perception of the bank reputation asset quality. Well, it's really an outlier in a positive sense. So we continue to see a great opportunity, not only for the country but also for BPI to continue doing better than others. Have a great team. And honestly, we don't want to break that virtuous circle. So the threshold for anything that is not organic growth is very, very high for us. And we expect to continue giving you good news about about Portugal in the next years indeed. Well, as for fees, Ignacio, I understand that you are talking about the whole complex of what we call revenue from services. That includes AUMs, protection and banking fees. Well, usually the fourth quarter is a better one. Let's see if this is the case. So far, wealth management is doing extremely well. Market's performing well adding into that. So probably this has added a more positive tone than our initial expectation. On protection, we had this kind of, let's say, non-recurrent that probably this stops a little bit, but the underlying is very positive 6%. And then this kind of trade-off that we always have had with maintenance fees on current account so far more or less mitigated although that is like an underlying structural pressure on that front. So all in all, honestly, this low single-digit guidance is our best estimate now potentially with some upward risk if the fourth quarter is quite  (00:46:44) but let's see. Thank you, Ignacio. Operator, next question, please. The next question is from Sofie Peterzens of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Sofie from JPMorgan. In terms of  (00:47:03) net interest income, previously you said that previous consensus net interest income of €10.2 billion in 2025 looked a bit low. The latest consensus is now €10.4 billion in 2025. Do you think this makes more reasonable under €7.5 billion structural deposit hedge that you did in the quarter? Will these have any kind of positive impact on net interest income in the outer years? And then my second question would be just around the rationale for changing your Chairman. Your new Chairman seems to be slightly older than the one who's stepping down. If you could just give your thoughts around the Chairman change and what that means for CaixaBank. Thank you. Thank you, Sofie. I guess again, I start with the second question and I'd say, the change in chairmanship, obviously for a large organization happens from time to time. In this case, it is due to personal decisions which we have to respect for the outgoing chairman who will be leaving on the 1st of January. He's...   (00:48:32) ...completed his mandate of four years after the merger and obviously now we start the new cycle with a new plan, etcetera. He thinks the bank is in a position of strength, which it is in my view, and this is the right time for him to move on. And obviously, we're very respectful of his decision and appreciate a lot. He's been a great banker both in the last four years and obviously previously back to his time at BBVA. But we need to obviously respect his his decision. Then at that point in time, the board convenes to decide after the Appointments Committee previously has looked at various options and very quickly comes to a conclusion that there is one board member, Tomas Muniesa, who is currently Vice Chairman, is perfectly suited to take the job and just keep the bank running without any interruption. Because obviously, Tomas has been involved with CaixaBank for 45 years. He's been the Vice Chairman and supports completely what we're doing, the plan, etcetera. We know him well. Because he's been on the management committee and the board for a long time. And so I'm convinced that that is going to work very well. I wouldn't read into these anything as to do with change other than personal decisions. And fortunately, the fact that there's someone on the board that is very prepared to take that important board Chairman responsibility facilitates things a lot. I think on the executive side, basically, there's no real impact. We keep being very focused on what we need to do. We have the right strategy, we have the right starting position and we have the right team in place. So I wouldn't expect anything of significance out of this change in the Chair role. Okay. Sofie, good morning. Just about the market NII consensus for next year. At 10.4%, I would say that – well, rates are quite volatile and we saw the last few days again rates going up. So I would say that 10.4% is within the range of the scenarios we are working on. So I'm sure that in a few weeks we will further elaborate more about this is within that range. So I think that is correct. If the hedges will have a positive impact, I would say that not materially, because the yield curve – we are hedging basically still like short to medium-term maturities up to four or five years and the yield curve in that part of the maturities is quite flat. So I would say that there is not much steepness. In order to be accretive to NII, we should go longer. Something that we don't rule out. So eventually we can do. Probably not be a derivatives but also using bonds as we did some time ago. Well, let's wait for that. You could see the yield curve in the US is steepening a lot in recent weeks and not so much in Europe. We have some geopolitical events ahead of us. So let's see. So we eventually may have some opportunities to do so, but not for the time being. That's very clear. Thank you. Thank you, Sofie. Next question, please. The next question is from Marta Sanchez Romero of Citi. Please go ahead. Thank you very much. So my first question is on capital. I was holding on to every word Gonzalo was saying on the rationale for the timing of the buyback. And it sounds quite positive. So does that mean that we should not expect relevant changes to your current 12% capital target? The second question is also related to capital. The the RWA growth is lagging loan growth. So can you explain or can you give us some sense of the front book density of your mortgage and corporates book, how does that compare to the back book? Because I guess now that your accelerating loan growth, it's important to understand that we have that RWA growth well captured. And here, also related to capital and RWA growth, do you think that as that loan growth accelerates the incentive to optimize your capital base, to go deeper into how optimized your RWA base is increases. So we should expect RWA growth to be below loan growth in the coming years. Thank you. Thank you, Marta. Just briefly, before I hand it over to Javier, what I said is obviously what we're doing now respective to the 12%. We will communicate soon in the Capital Markets Day what we're going to do for the next three years. So whether that 12% benchmark is maintained or not, I'll have to wait to this. Actually, no decision has been taken by the board on this point. So we have discussed in the past, obviously, the impact of this countercyclical buffer and the possibility of passing on part of these on to our target, which is something that is to be decided and announced by the Capital Markets Day. But what I said is valid wherever the benchmark is, whether it's 12% or another one, this is the way we want to look at our capital base. Currently, and we've said very clear that there would be no impact of the countercyclical buffer, certainly for this strategic plan. And that is a decision for the next one because this is obviously faced in during 2025 and 2026. So I see no reason why we would change anything for 2024. But whether the 12% is still the magic number for this decision on capital going forward is something that we need to wait just a few weeks to be decided. And well, Marta, unfortunately for the other question, I think it's a key topic also to elaborate on our Capital Markets Day. And I cannot – very few comments now. So first thing is that we have something that I think that I have actually commented in some other occasions. So I think that probably incorporating a more active capital management going forward in terms of SRPs, etcetera is something that will come. And we were already doing some of those transactions, but we are keen to incorporate this more as business as usual and more recurrent. So I think that this is one message I can already give you. Internally, we have a clear golden rule, which is loans should have at least a profitability over 15%. So this is our golden rule. And actually when we are envisaging loan growth is because it's profitable loan growth and that golden rule applies. So I think that – just to provide you some comfort about, okay, we are talking about growth but is always profitable growth. So I think that this is the key. All other ways that will not be the right thing to do. But I am sure that we will be able to elaborate on all that on a few weeks. We are trying to give you plenty of information about what we are thinking going forward on loan growth, on risk weighted assets, capital consumption, profitability, etcetera. So I think that I would rather prefer to wait a few days. Okay. Thank you, Marta. Operator, next question, please. The next question is from Andrea Filtri of Mediobanca. Please go ahead. Thank you for taking my questions. First question is on capital allocation. As an established financial conglomerate with a large insurance company, you have the option of growing in asset management, leaving the goodwill deduction at the VidaCaixa level as we have been seeing from a European peer, something many other banks are unable to do just as interest rates are coming down. Could for a deal in Portugal banking be a good alternative to buybacks, also considering the valuation versus tangible book value per share when you look at that capital allocation? And then just two quick questions. Funding costs, where are you seeing the evolution of liquidity in the coming quarters? And what about the Portuguese funding cost evolution? And there is a decline of 4.5% of quarter-on-quarter of life-risk insurance. Could you elaborate a bit more on that, if there is any one-offs in this number. Thank you. Thank you, Andrea. On capital allocation, obviously, we're aware of the various capital treatments and Dutch (sic) [Danish] (00:59:01) Compromise and all that, and we're financial conglomerate. So, the view we have is that we want to make sure we do not do things we're not comfortable with from a business point of view, because there is some particular arbitrage. And obviously I'm not criticizing others and maybe others are in a different situation or they are more comfortable with. But the asset management and insurance business that we have are extensions of our branch business. We are not going to enter into being an asset manager, distributing through all the channels, getting into the institutional market and on asset management. We just want to serve our clients. And obviously as we keep growing our business in Spain and Portugal, the asset management business is going to keep growing. But we do not want to extend that operation into being in asset management for other purposes, even if, as you say, obviously, you may think it's a pity that we are not taking advantage of one particularly positive regulatory environment. By the way, I think the more that banks get into arbitrage through these, the more likely it is that they will have some regulatory pressure at some point on the whole system. Because I don't think supervisors are going to be looking favorably around significant arbitrage through insurance subsidiaries. We're not going to do it. We think there's a very sound justification for the current capital treatment for the Danish Compromise. And, you know, our insurance business and is a real jewel. And we are happy to keep growing it but for our own purposes. Just one comment on Portugal. I already mentioned that we're focused on organic growth. But the other thing you mentioned is share buybacks. And obviously share buybacks is – for us, share buybacks are a good use of capital if there's no better use for that capital. The best use of that capital is to grow the business, grow it organically. And in the past years, we have had very significant share buybacks because there was very limited loan growth in Spain and very limited RWA growth. It'd be desirable for that to change gradually and hopefully we will actually leave more capital in the business because the business is growing nicely at returns on tangible equity of now currently 17%. We were not seeing tangible book value per share as a good indicator of our value, I think. I understand that many people in the market and I have full respect for people that look at that as a significant indicator. But I think we need to look at sustainable profitability. You look at our price to earnings basis and our expectations, I feel that there's very good reasons to keep buying back shares at these valuation levels. And tangible book value is, in fact, we were trading at one-point – I don't know, depending on which data you take 1.2 times, 1.3 times tangible and I don't see why that should be something else. Another thing is if it were trading at, I don't know, 15 times earnings, I would fully agree with you. But trading at 7, 8 times earnings, I think it's an easy decision for us, as long as we don't have better uses. Again, I go back to what you say always and I fully agree that better to grow the business profitably. That's the first good use of capital for us. Hi, Andrea. You had a few questions about the funding costs. I understand you're asking for a client deposit costs. Well, first thing volumes and you asked about liquidity, evolution, et cetera. Well, long-term, we are of the view that both loans and deposits should grow closer or at least closer than now to nominal GDP. So, this is like a long-term view. Let's see how this actually lands in to, let's say, short-term plans or medium-term plans, but that's the view. So, we think that focusing on the deposit side of the business is something that is accretive long-term. So this is my first statement here. Second, in terms of the future evolution, some data have already disclosed or in this presentation, we have close to 50% of our interest-bearing deposits that are indexed mainly to the overnight interest rate. There are a few that are indexed to 12-month Euribor. So, that reprices, let's say, later. But generally speaking reprice fast as soon as the central bank cut rates. So, I think that this – and this is coming so this is coming because it's by term sheet. So, that's one point. In Portugal it's not exactly the same. So in Portugal there is basically also you deal with large with time deposits. And so, that is not so common to have indexed at the current accounts. So, in Portugal, you need to keep like rolling over that those time deposits. So, it's like a different way of doing the business. So our expectation is the funding costs will gradually come down and obviously will be one of the key offsets for lower rates going forward. But I am sure that we will have the opportunity to discuss all that also in in a few weeks. Then you had a question on life-risk and I think you are asking for the year-on-year evolution. Basically the third quarter last year we had exceptionally low claims on life-risk, hence the comparison on a year-on-year basis is a little bit less favorable. But I would say that this is something that actually is not happening this year. So, you should not derive any further conclusions from that. So, the evolution for the overall protection business is up by 6% year-to-date. So it's evolving actually in line with our expectations. I remember at the beginning of the year when being asked about the evolution of this business that last year delivered double-digit growth. I remember by saying that probably this year double-digit growth is not going to be the case, and actually is what is happening. Thank you, Andrea. Thank you. Just to complement what Javier were saying on deposit cost in Portugal. This quarter, they were already falling Q-on-Q on BPI, just to complement it. Thank you, Andrea. Next question, please, operator. Sorry. The next question is from Britta Schmidt of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hi there. Thanks for taking my questions. Actually, I just wanted to pick up on the deposit costs in Portugal, which were down quite significantly this quarter. We've seen some of your peers actually reprice upwards, but still being at a lower level than what you booked previously. I mean, how is this being managed? And if it's not something that's down to indexing, how can you ensure that the fast repricing of the asset side could be offset by lower deposit costs in Portugal as well in the coming quarters? And the other question I had was, do you have any sort of sense or idea what the potential impact of the devastating floods that we've seen in the Southeast of Spain could have on your operations, potential cost, but also potentially on the cost of risk and NPLs? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Britta. Obviously Javier will comment on Portugal. BPI is actually doing a great job in this respect. But anyhow, obviously with respect to the floods, there's a very significant impact in terms of human lives, loss of infrastructure particularly housing and vehicles. You know that there is a consortium  (01:08:04) some of these costs are going to be borne by basically this public sector system, but there will be obviously some impact on our insurance non-life company. Nothing material for the purposes certainly of CaixaBank. And there's going to be a significant reconstruction effort and help, obviously, from the Central Government why not from Europe. We will be actively involved in that reconstruction effort as the leading bank in the region. It's about 5% of the GDP of Spain. The capital city, Valencia, is not damaged. So, I think that the impact on tourism is going to be fairly limited, but there will be impact. We're going to be standing by our clients helping them out. They will be receiving, I'm convinced, state support and public funds will be made available. So hopefully, even if there is some impact, obviously some businesses would be partly hit and you could say that there will be some asset quality pressure. I think overall, we will sort of get through this without an impact on us. To be honest, at this stage and again having been here for the whole week and you just heard the alarm, which is sort of reminding people, I guess, that they cannot just get on to a car and drive safely currently. It means that all of us are obviously motivated by the human cost that obviously is associated with a disaster like this one. I do not, again, think that the financial consequences are going to be an issue for us, but we will, on the contrary, and be supporting our clients, those that are really impacted as a bank and as an insurance company, we can do a lot. As I said, we have started advancing payments by both the consortium and the other insurance companies. So we are making sure that people get the funds immediately when they need it. We have launched a fund in efforts from AgroBank for obviously agricultural businesses, from microbiome, for small businesses, business interruption in particular, which is an issue people that I mentioned have lost their vehicle or they have big problem in their shop, et cetera. Just make sure that they can keep obviously on business. And then generally from CaixaBank, I am confident that the whole society is moved and we will get through these tough times. Hi, Britta. Well, on Portugal and deposits with us actually I forgot to mention before, but Marta said so it's actually progressing very well. These are quite different in the mix because at group level. So interest bearing deposit is like 25%, but in Portugal is 40%. And so, the yield of those deposits at the cost is pretty much the same it's 2.85% or circa that figure. But the weight this like 40%, so it's quite different. It's a market that had a lot of pressure at some point with some actions taken by the Portuguese Treasury distributing retail, let's say, Treasury bill. well, since then that situation is much calmer. So, I would say that probably who had the chance to chase or to invest into that  (01:12:07) has already done so. And from there probably what we are having is to some extent recovering part of those flows that went out. And the situation, it's pretty much calmer than several quarters ago. So, BPI is doing a great job. The starting point is strong because the liquidity position of BPI is as strong as at the group level. So, with the liquidity ratio over 200% or so, et cetera. So, no funding needs. So we think that we can manage the situation with strong flexibility. And what we see in the market is the market is being competitive as always, but rational. So, we tend to think as corporates and SMEs, et cetera, are used of this way of functioning with time deposits instead of indexed and current account. The natural way of things is that – at the rollover update post time deposits will gradually come down and actually is being the case. So, we are happy to see that as rates have started to come down and they were coming down, we have been able to pass on those lower rates into the new  (01:13:24). So we are estimating that this is not going to be a problem. Okay. Thank you, Britta. Next question, please, operator. The next question is from Ignacio Cerezo of UBS. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. The first one is on loan pass-through on loan yields. I mean, qualitatively, you think it's logical to similar pass through is on the way down them to kind of 65% you have seen on the way up; or any strong reasons actually for the variations there and maybe mix or the capacity actually to keep fixing in the future? And the second question basically is on the non-credit impairment line, I mean, it's come down a little bit actually from maybe last couple of quarters. So just checking basically if everything is going according to plan on the legal side actually for you or there is any discrepancies versus you had two or three quarters ago? Thank you. Well, I can confirm this. There is – things are according to plan on the second question, but Javier you may want to answer the other one. Yes. Well, I will say that the environment is pretty much the same than in the last few quarters. The landscape is as usual, very competitive on mortgages. We are making like this third quarter actually close to 80% of the new production at fixed to maturity, which is remarkable. And, well, it's probably with long rates that are not moving as much as the short end of yield curve, we have a little bit more stability in terms of front book yields on the new mortgage production. That is like circa two, three quarters, a little bit below that. So I think that is pretty much a stable although I would say competitive. We don't expect that the long-term rates would come down much more from the current levels. So, as new mortgage production is more linked to that long end of the yield, probably we are going to be able to maintain approximately current front book yields. And basically when you talk about the SME and business lending, I would say that approximately 80% of the new production is at floating usually indexed, well, to, 3, 6, or even 12-month Euribor. But I have commented this often that usually on this kind of commercial relationship, the negotiation is about the spread more than the absolute yield. And the spreads, well, the negotiation is tough as always, but I would say that, rational. And, yes, we think that for the new production we are going to be able to maintain, I would say, the margins. So, in our view, yes, because well hopefully also as we have these, let's say, long-term view that the lending should improve. So theoretically, as lending improves in terms of volumes, also should theoretically have a lesser impact on the yields of the new production. Let's see. But, yes, we think that we can – we can replicate the evolution. And then on top of that, consumer lending that actually we are growing nicely up by close to 6% year-to-date. If you correlate with the market rates. So, our rates that are higher, clearly. So the correlation is lower. Thank you. Okay. So I think that's all for today. So, it has been a pleasure hosting you one more quarter. Have a wonderful weekend, a long one for some of you. And hopefully we see you all in a few weeks. Thank you very much. Thank you. 
            