
            Management Discussion: Good morning and welcome to the Carclo Plc Investor Presentation. Throughout this recorded presentation, investors will be in listen-only mode. Questions are encouraged and can be submitted at any time via the Q&A tab situated on the right-hand corner of your screen. Simply type in your questions and press send. The company may not be in a position to answer every question it receive during the meeting itself. However, the company can review all questions submitted today and publish response where it's appropriate to do so. Before we begin, I'd like to submit the following poll. And I would now like to hand you over to Chair, Joe Oatley. Good morning, sir. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our half year results for the six months ended 30 September. Just by way of introductions, I'm Joe Oatley, the Committee Chair. To my right nearest me is Frank Doorenbosch, the CEO; and to his right is Eric Hutchinson, the CFO. Just a brief introductions from me. I think, in my perspective, it's a remarkable set of results. Remarkable in a sense that there's nothing truly remarkable in them. They are in line with what we expected. You'll see, as both Frank and Eric take you through the presentation, we are delivering on the plan that we set out. There's still plenty to do, but we are on track or, in some respect, slightly ahead of track. You can see the margins improving as a result. You can see that we're maintaining our capital discipline, both working capital and CapEx. And that means you can see that driving up return on capital employed. So, I think the message for me is very much we set out a very clear strategy and a very clear plan for the turnaround. There's still work to be done on it, but we're absolutely delivering against it and progress has been very, very good. I'd like now to hand over to Frank who'll start taking some more detail of the results. Thank you, Joe. So, also, good morning, everyone. It is a pleasure to present Carclo's half year results for  2025 (00:01:56) showcasing a transformative progress. We are delivering a great turnaround with strengthened margins, reduced debt, and a clear strategy to drive sustainable growth in precision-driven markets. Over the past six months, we have sharpened our focus on excellence, our operational excellence, leveraging asset revitalization, and capitalize on above GDP growth in the markets which are core to our business. Today, we will highlight our progress from improved health and safety, financial resilience, and performance through strategic investments, positioning us for long-term success. This is more than just a recovery. This is a foundation for a long-lasting value creation. So, let's explore how Carclo is reshaping its future. Carclo is currently consisting of two divisions, the CTP division and the newly formed Speciality Division, which is a combination of successful Aerospace, which we always have, and the Optics business, which was hidden into the CTP division but was more suitable within  AO (00:03:04) division focused on niche markets. We'll get to the details later. Health and safety remains at the heart of our operational excellence. Over the past six months, we have achieved a 43% reduction in total incident rates, a testament to our commitment to creating a safer workplace and enhancing workforce resilience. This progress is not only improved safety protocols, but also culture of continuous improvement, directly supporting sustainable operational success. By prioritizing health and safety, we are building a stronger, more productive foundation for Carclo's growth. So, we're driving growth in our core businesses while we exited the non-short run (sic) [short run], non-scalable business. Our sales bridge reflects this. We have exited the non-scalable, short run business, and this has allowed us to focus on growth in manufacturing solutions in the core markets being life science, precision tech, and aerospace. This has achieved, in the CTP business, a like-for-like growth for 4.5%, in line with the market. And the Speciality Division grew remarkable with a 9% growth year-on-year if you look at that a trailing 12 months. The repositioning is intentional. It's enabling us to prioritize higher margin opportunities while preparing for the next phase of asset revitalization to sustain efficiency and drive future growth. Our financial performance clearly marks the step-change with return on sales rising to 6.2% and the return on capital employed reaching 17.5%. This signals a decisive move beyond the traditional threshold of below 5% return on sales and 10% return on capital employed. These results reflect the disciplined execution of our strategy, focusing on operational excellence, enhancing margin, optimizing asset utilization, positioning us firmly on a path for sustainable growth. Our focus on financial resilience is also clearly reflected in the net debt to EBITDA ratio, which has moved from 2 times by the end of our full year to 1.6 times by the end of the first half. This progress is driven both by the improved EBITDA and disciplined, continued cash management, strengthening our financial position to support future investment and sustainable growth. I will now hand over to Eric who will provide us with a helicopter overview of the financials and walk us through the key highlights in more detail. Thank you, Frank. Yes, I'll take a high-level view of the numbers. But just note that actually Carclo supplies the cables to this aircraft. So, it is our own product in the picture. I look at the key performance indicators that we think are most relevant to these sets of results for you today. You can see, as we forecast at the year-end, that we expected the revenue to be down as we departed from site closures and focus the business on more profitable product lines. So, that is in line with our expectations. But we've concentrated, as Frank said, on how do we grow the profitability and expand the contribution margin. Contribution margin is revenue less the direct costs of production. And here you can see that's up by 3.2%. I'll take you through the bridge on that shortly. That's resulted in underlying EBIT before interest and taxes,  £1.2 million (00:06:58). Working capital still maintained within the range of £9 million to £10 million, so we got a stable position there. And the end result of this period of activities, we've reduced our net debt position from £29.5 million to £25.2 million. We track quite a number of KPIs in the business. We always look at the trailing 12 months. So, these numbers are better indicators of the trends in the business. What you can see here is, on the revenue, that we saw the decrease in Design & Engineering, as we've seen the engineering team concentrating on improving the production activities, new projects coming in, and we expect it to be at a lower level this period. But what you can see is the underlying Manufacturing Solutions product, sales is pretty stable. So, despite the fact that we've moved away from a number of sites, the underlying Manufacturing £110 million compared to £112 million. Operating profit, as I referred to, on a 12-month rolling basis is now up to £7.9 million. That certainly is indicative of the trend in the business, but also gives us confidence in the expectations for the full year, so we're well in line with our plan. Return on sales, as Frank noted, expanding to 6.2%. So, trending in the right direction and higher than it was in half year 2022. And that's also resulted in a positive earnings per share in this period. The other key KPIs that we look at, cash conversion. So, it was extremely high as we've had some exceptional receipts in the previous year, but an 87% cash conversion is a healthy ratio for the company. If I look at the net debt position, as you can see, it's down. And we split this out into components of the net debt. So, we've got bank debt plus cash, net £17 million. The £8 million of finance lease creditors are split £4 million on property, which is essentially capitalization of factory rentals, and then the plant and machinery leases, which have got a shorter life. So, that's coming down and you see that in cash flow that we are paying off those plant and machinery leases. The property leases will vary as we renew factory leases around the world. So, that could well increase, but it doesn't change the underlying cash flows of the business. The resulting return on capital employed climbing steadily now over the last five, six periods. So, we're now up to 17.5%, and the ratio of fixed assets to revenue is now at a healthy 3.5 times. So, again, a positive trend in the business, reflecting the increased utilization rates that we're achieving through the focus on factory specialization. If I look at the income statement at the top level, you can see here the revenue changes, which I've touched on. The increase in the contribution margin is maintained pretty much, the contribution on reduced revenues. But we've also taken £1 million out of the overheads year-on-year, and that's helped drive up that underlying EBITDA. At the operating profit level, there's a decrease in depreciation charges due to site closures, but also strict control over capital spending in the period. The underlying profit up, as I referred to, and exceptional items down year-on-year and below the number that we expected it to be, and I'll touch on that in more detail. If I look at the contribution margin bridge, you can see here prior year the 34.6%. Our Project Zelda program, which really focuses on driving out waste in the business in the broadest sense, has resulted in material cost savings. And other activities in our sustainability is improving our profitability, so a good alignment between sustainability and economics in the business. Factory specialization is enhancing the workforce productivity. So, that's benefited the results by another 1.2 percentage points. And the improved mix, as we move into longer run,  (00:12:20) but longer run business, we produced better profitability in asset class  (00:12:25). The headwinds in this period has been the impact of increased energy prices. So, that will be a feature for full year 2025 in terms of the margin percentage. So, it resulted at 37.8%, up 3.2% (sic) [3.2 percentage points] [indiscernible] (00:12:46). If I look at the exceptional costs, this is mainly about the restructuring in the business that's going on primarily in the United States where we've exited two major locations in Tucson and Derry, New Hampshire. What you can see here is that our cash costs of that restructuring that sits at £663,000, was actually slightly lower than we thought it would be in cash terms. We've also seen through some very good negotiations on exiting the property leases. And then, having unwound the assets there, we're able to reverse the number of provisions nearly £1 million. And you can see that that is primarily on the property lease, but also some adjustments on our inventories and tangible fixed assets. The biggest cost in the P&L is running the refinancing project where we had advisers in place, and that's running in the first half of £1.3 million, £1.284 million. So, the cash costs exceptionals in the period are £1.9 million. However, that is lower in cash terms than we're expecting it to be in the restructuring activity. Pension deficit, not a lot to report in this period. The valuation under  (00:14:32) is getting steady, and we are seeing that the drive on that is really to do with gilt yields. Now, the triennial valuation is still in progress. And unfortunately, I'm not able to update you on the results of that today, but we expect to get to a final position by the 31st of March next year. However, there is an improved financial position, so we're expecting that to be a positive report when we get to that. Focusing on the balance sheet, here you can see we're looking just – as we've strengthened the balance sheet on the net debt position. But you can also see the reduction in the tangible fixed assets reflecting our factory specialization primarily in the US and also the fact that we're depreciating the assets and not replacing them with new capital spending in the period. So, that's down to £35.7 million. Inventories, pretty steady, around about £12 million level, so £11.7 million against £11.3 million prior year,  after (00:15:53) year-end position at £12.5 million. Other working capital, again, small variations. But, as I said, net working capital, £9 million to £10 million range. We got some – the assets employed in the business down to £44.9 million. Then on the right-hand side, you can see that the  driver (00:16:14) in the increases in capital employed and fixed asset utilization employed to working capital as a percentage of revenue in that 7% to 8% range with the net debt down and the improvement in the net debt to underlying EBITDA as Frank referred to earlier. So, very positive position from the company's perspective. And this is demonstrating both the performance and increased efficiency in the business. If I turn to the cash flow, sustainable cash flow is what we're aiming to achieve. It's really being driven by the underlying operating profit growth. There is a help from change in working capital in the period, but now we've got up to a sustainable position. Capital spending, as we noted  in details (00:17:11), so it's been £300,000 in the period compared to £1.9 million in the prior year. And the lease repayments, as I mentioned, reducing the finance lease creditor as we go through. So, free cash flow in the period, positive £900,000. First half of last year was an exception boost to unwind the contract closures, where we were compensated for that. But certainly a better result from a free cash flow perspective compared to second half the prior year. Bridging on the net debt reduction, and we can see that that's mainly being driven by the profit improvement in EBITDA, also from the benefits on strict working capital control and the outgoings limited on CapEx. On pension obligations, we have gone through, slightly lower than planned. There was a cutoff period, which  (00:18:20) contribution of about £225,000  (00:18:24) period. These are charges in line with what we expect. So, without the exceptional activities, net debt would have been £23.3 million. The £1.9 million cash outflows on exceptionals ended up resulting in £25.2 million,  still a very good position with a much improved leverage ratio of 1.6 times. With that, I'll hand back to Frank. Thank you, Eric. So, as the picture shows, we're going to make and take a deep breath to explore the strategy going forward. As we showed last time, the strategy pyramid is clear and simple. The focus was and will stay on the financial resilience where we build financial strength to reducing debt and enhancing long-term stability, and, of course, continuation in new operational excellence where we have made major strides in all the regions where we still got a long way to go to call ourselves really excellent. We're now currently focusing ourselves on the expansion program, accelerating growth to capturing high-value opportunities and expanding markets. The markets in which we operate do have growth above GDP, and we are currently capturing that growth. The additional use of the assets allows us to capture the growth without excessive capital expenditures. And the top layer, which is the long- term position is the innovation incubator, which will drive long-term sustainable growth in proprietary technology, products, and materials. So, this slide highlights the tangible results of the first layer of our strategy, the financial resilience and the operational excellence. We have achieved stronger financial resilience while we are improving our net debt ratios, and we have a stable working capital efficiency, staying around the targeted 7%. Operational excellence is evidenced in our enhanced contribution margin, as Eric just alluded to, and a better utilization of our fixed assets. So, as we'd like to say, the net debt declines, working capital efficiency improves, the profit efficiency climbs, and our assets are working harder. All of them together underlie our commitment to a robust foundation of sustainable growth and long-term profitability. On the expansion part, we have achieved in the Manufacturing Solutions, excluding the £6 million of short-run business we deliberately exited, a 4.5% like-for-like growth, we are seeing aligned with our core markets. Speciality Division has advanced significantly, and we have more later in that in the presentation. You see in the different regions we have different growth rates, which we'll go through in two pages. In the innovation, we are beginning to an exciting journey on longer-term growth. We're laying the foundation of further advancements and focusing ourselves on developing new processes, technologies to enhance efficiency, advancing sustainability through ecofriendly materials and recyclability, and we're exploring in depth the opportunities in what we call Connected Care by processing digital life cycle (sic) [science] technologies with applications in the markets. These initiatives mark the first steps in the strategy to shape the future of precision-driven industry, but will only deliver a longer term growth. We talked a few times about the new division, the Speciality Division, which is a combination of Aerospace and Optics. You see the little graph. We're showing that the total of the business is £13 million, and of which two-thirds is Aerospace and one-third is Optics. Aerospace have expertise and leadership in the industry, and they were very known for their operational efficiency. Optics have complementary solutions. Both businesses do short-series, value-added, and are approaching themselves in niche parts of the markets. The two businesses are now strategically aligned. And you see on the graph, on the right-hand side, the internal components of that group. The cables and wires, which we have seen the growth after the air travel have picked up after COVID. You see the Optics, which is we call Light & Motion, which, in the new division, has regained growth, which is a testimony to the success of the new division. The machining part becomes a more and more important part of that division. We're investing in new equipment into two sites. And they have achieved 33% cumulative average growth rate over the last 3.5 years, also, of course, helped by some supply chain improvement in the aerospace steel industry. The other business, we do trading products to complete offering to be a complete solution supplier to our customers in those niche markets. We will go through the sales in the regions. Design & Engineering revenue declined as projects are transitioning into Manufacturing Solutions. And the focus currently is on asset revitalization to enhance efficiency for the next years. Manufacturing Solutions in the EMEA regions grew by 0.7% and supported the stable sales and continued process optimization to improve profitability. Manufacturing Solutions in the APAC region has increased by a nearly 9%, which is driven by a rebound in regional demand and operational improvements, allowing us to serve the broader part of the market. In this region, we do understand that geopolitical shifts are impacting the regional developments in the future. In the US, the sales, which was hurt the most by the decline of sales, has now re-bounced and rose by 6.9%, reflecting a strengthening core of our operations in Pennsylvania and a total market recovery we see in the region. This slide highlights our progress on maximizing Carclo's global footprint through operational optimization and factory specialization. In APAC and EMEA, factory specialization has boosted capacity, efficiency, and customer satisfaction, laying the groundwork for future growth. In the US, we have completed the Tucson facility closure ahead of schedule and below costs, while ongoing optimization in Pennsylvania is aligning operations with global standards. These efforts reflect our commitment to enhancing efficiency, leveraging automation, and delivering value to strategic focus and specialization across regions. In the Design & Engineering, we are tailoring our focus to deliver maximized value in each region. The regional focus, which we do in EMEA on new technologies, materials, and products; in APAC, focusing on back-end automation development; and in the US, delivering major project validations, will help us to create a solid foundation for long-term growth and innovation, because, as an organization, you have to be able to not only get the growth but also be able to deliver it sustainably to your customers. So, Carclo's transformation is delivering the results today. We're positioning ourselves for sustainable, long-term growth through targeted investments and operational excellence. And if you look in the three time horizons, in the short-term, we continue to reinforce resilience by focusing on financial stability and operational efficiency, creating a robust foundation. In the medium-term, we are expanding with our core markets. And on the right-hand side, you see one of our core markets being the IVD markets is expected to grow by between 4% and 5% over the next years. We will leverage our operational capabilities strategically to make new investments, so we can follow that growth without excessive capital expenditures. For the long-term were emphasis on driving growth through finding new customers, new opportunities, and innovation and leadership in life science, precision components, and Speciality to ensure sustainable success. This balanced approach enables us to deliver immediate results while positioning Carclo for future opportunities and value creation. So, let me summarize. We've delivered financial strength. Our return on sales rose to 6.2%. ROCE climbed to 17.5%. EBITDA ratio came down to 1.6 times, and working capital efficiency stabilizes at 7%. We've done this through operational excellence. Our health and safety improved by 43%. The factory specialization benefits are coming through and bringing us stronger margin in FY 2025, and we'll have annualized effect in FY 2026. The US revitalization process is on plan. And to show our ability to execute, the factory closures in the US have been completed, all of them, ahead of plan and below the projected costs. We can't save ourselves to glory. We're going to build market leadership. We're optimizing our strategic sales portfolio and we exited the non-scalable business. The newly formed Speciality Division grew by 9%. And we're currently working on projects with new and existing customers to find a broader base for our business. And on the long-term, the innovation pipeline will be expanding, delivering the long-term growth. What's the outlook? The outlook I have is that we're positioned for growth and long-term success. In life science, we have medium-term growth, which outpaces GDP. In Speciality, we have a much better division, which is set for growth for the future and additional market gains. The operational process, we have- and the ability to execute we showed by accelerated the Tucson closures and the US restructuring, which will boost performance. So, we will have confidence that FY 2025 targets and the long-term goals remain firmly on track. Thank you very much for your attention. 
            Questions and Answers: Frank, Joe, Eric, thank you very much for your presentation.  As you can see, we have received a number of questions throughout today's presentation. Can I please ask you to read out the questions and give responses where appropriate to do so, and I'll pick up from you at the end. Thank you. I'll read out the questions and then hand them across my colleagues where appropriate. First of all, one from Andrew, Andrew M. What does the competitive landscape look like? Frank, can you give us a high-level overview of that? Yeah. Yeah. High level, I think we're positioning ourselves as a kind of a boutique organization, which focuses vary on service and full service to our customers. In the market and in competitive landscapes, there are players who would get – who are extremely – very big and getting bigger where we do see that I feel further away from the customers. I think people who are in the plastics industry has seen acquisition of Berry by Amcor making it very big player. But we are focusing on the elements of being a global player, being a player with a focus to those customers dedicated and by regionally delivering and regionally having all our factories, who are able to supply our customers regionally and react quicker. So, we don't see currently a big increase in competitiveness from competition. We do see that our position is currently improving. Thank you. I'm going to roll the next two questions into one because they're somewhat linked. One from Alex asking what steps we're taking to mitigate the customer concentration risks that we have. And then, there's one from Ben asking basically the same. With the restructuring going well both in the US and Europe, could we share our growth targets for these regions in the coming years. And as I say, the two are somewhat interlinked because obviously dealing with the customer concentration risk, there are two elements. One is making sure you're looking after your big customers, which of course we are doing and doing an excellent job of, but the other is growing other customers. So, that one is less dependent on the large customer one already has, which talks to where is your growth coming from. I think we don't publish our growth targets and we don't intend to. And I think we also don't think of it as a growth target for individual regions. We choose where we manufacture our product. We think of growth globally rather than individual regions. And maybe, Frank, if you could talk to a little bit about – you said in the medium term we expect to grow at a higher than GDP, right? Correct. What things we're doing to achieve that  (00:32:326). Yeah. So, there are two things. Of course, you have to be able to follow your customers and be with the successful customers in the market. The overall growth, as we showed and we put in the appendix some of the – some more market data on growth in the area with the growth – on the global growth,  which is base (00:32:53) for life sciences, growth for aerospace will be above GDP. And our current focus is, of course, to get additional customers onto our platform, which we're working on, and those are the projects there. But as I said in earlier presentations, we will talk to you about it when we deliver and not when we're talking to those customers at this moment. So, I'd rather say when we've done it than currently talk about what we do. Thank you.  (00:33:24) make our screen scroll up by removing those two.  (00:33:29). Yeah. Thank you. This is going to be one for you, Eric. I'm not entirely sure if I understand, but I'll read it out nonetheless. Pension benefits paid are down around 10% at £4.8 million. Why is that the case? Can we argue that baring very high inflation, the peak is clearly behind us and do expect it to continue to decline? That is quite a detailed pension question, which I'm not sure whether we have the detail around this at the moment to answer. Yeah. That's very much a question pension  (00:34:07). I mean, the actual payments to pensions are not down, if that's what we're getting at in this question. We focus on our obligations to the pension fund, and it's the pension fund's job to worry about what gets paid out to its members. Exactly. And that will vary with the demographics of that pension population. The impact in the company is how much do we put into the fund. In gross terms, we've been putting in £3.5 million, which includes paying for the administration cost of the funds. I would expect that that would actually trend better over time because that was repairing the pension fund deficit over a 15-year period. And ideally, they want to repair it over 10. So, from a company perspective, the cash that we'll be putting into the fund will actually slightly increase in the future is my expectation. Thank you. A question on CapEx from Alex, just to paraphrase, he's asking how sustainable the low CapEx that we've got at the moment is and what we're guiding on medium-term CapEx to sales ratio. I think the answer on guidance is, we're not providing guidance on that. But in terms of sustainability of CapEx, I'd say it's very – we have kept it very low in the current period. Frank, do you want to make a short comment on that? Yeah. A short comment on that is that we have in the specialization what we've done, we have taken a lot of the older machines out, the hybrid machines out, which has taken, of course, an enormous amount of energy per kilogram to run. So, we've taken those out. All the machines we have are running more hours. That means we needed less machines. Also, new projects and growth we had on it, we're now putting on standard machines. One of the capital demand for copper in the past was always that every new project needs a new machine, and we now have a different approach. That machine platform we will exploit to use for the current equipment. So, the asset utilization is going up. So, we didn't need a lot of new machines for the additional work we're getting, and that was the biggest reason for that. The additional machines always also needed a new rooftop. So, a lot of the investments in the years before were not only about machines, but also about auxiliary equipment, about – and buildings and rebuilding of buildings to put the new machines in. So, we now have lesser machines. The machines run faster. So, we don't have any infrastructure cost investment this year. We don't have any additional capacity need this year, because we're just exploring the capacity we're having. So, a totally different strategy allowing us to run it at the long term. Of course, when we get more sales in, we get high growth in, we will get to new investments in machines, but all will stay within our manufacturing strategy. I think the other thing to add to that is that where we are looking is other investments we can make that will drive much higher efficiency, so on which the payback will be very, very rapid. And then, we do see that we're starting to see opportunities for that. So, there may be some increased investment for that. We don't expect it to be huge numbers, and the returns will be very significant. Yeah. But that will be more on the back – definitely on the backend automation. Yeah. It also has to do with availability of labor in different regions. One from Mark on the refinancing. Is there an expectation that the finance – refinancing will result in a lower cost of debt? I think just before I hand it to Eric to make a comment to that. We're not going to publish any numbers in terms of what we think expectations or anything might be, but it will be what it will be. But any other comments to add on top of that, Eric? We're in process. We're in process. It will be what it will be. I think holding out an expectation would be at a lower cost probably unrealistic. Yeah. Thank you. And last one, another one from Ale, asking about the central costs, which are high relative to the divisions' profits.  (00:38:36) remember, it doesn't matter. Central costs are relatively high for the business. Part of that is because we are a main market listed business, which has associated costs. We are always looking for can we become more efficient, can we control our cost better. So, if we see opportunities within central cost, we will take, and you can see they have come down a little bit period on period. Yeah. And if we can see further opportunities to do that, we will do it. Anything more, Eric, on that? No. Just to note that that costs include the cost of administrating the pension fund and we are looking for ways to reduce that admin cost. Yeah. Okay. I think that is all the questions that we have had. So, thank you for your questions. They are a fair number and they were good, so thank you for those. Thank you for listening, and we will see you again in six months' time for the full year results. Frank, Eric, Joe, thank you for answering all those questions you have from investors. And, of course, the company can review all questions submitted today and we'll publish those responses on the Investor Meet Company platform. Just before redirecting investors to provide you with the feedback, which I know is particularly important to the company, Frank, could I please just ask you for a few closing comments? Look, I think we're very proud of what we've done. I'm very happy that in the two years we're now working on the transformation of Carclo this result. I want to thank all the employees for all their great efforts because it's not the three people around this table who've done it. It's the currently 950-ish people in the organization who are working every day, motivated to get things done. Change is done by the team, not by a person. I'm very happy we're going in the right direction. We're happy to see the results, and we're happy to see the attitude in the organization going and the winner mentality is back. We're ready. We've restructured and we're ready to grow. Frank, Eric, Joe, thank you for updating investors today. Could I please ask investors not to close the session as you'll now be automatically redirected to provide your feedback in order that the management team could better understand your views and expectations. This will only take a few moments to complete, and I'm sure would be greatly valued by the company. On behalf of the management team of Carclo Plc, we'd like to thank you for attending today's presentation and good morning to you all. 
            