
            Management Discussion: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Prosegur Cash Q2 2025 Results Presentation. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I will now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Miguel Bandrés, Head of IR. Please go ahead. Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining today. I would like to welcome you all to our 2025 Q2 results presentation that will be carried out by our CFO, Javier Hergueta, and myself. The presentation will take around 30 minutes, during which, we'll review key developments affecting our business and their influence in our performance. We'll after move on to review our key financials, followed by our performance by region and our main transformation-related achievements. Right after, we'll update on our ESG efforts, and we'll end up with some conclusions. After, we'll open a Q&A session. Should we not get to respond to everything today, we'll get back on any open topics on an individual basis. I want to again thank you all for attending and remind you that this presentation has been prerecorded and is available via webcast on our corporate Web page at www.prosegurcash.com. Before handing over to Javier, I would like to share some interesting news regarding cash in the world. I'll cover interesting aspects such as a major concern on the use of the UPI platform in India, the fondness Germans have on protecting their privacy, and urge by China to ensure cash acceptance, or the preference American consumers have for cash. These aspects covered by the mentioned articles show many of the unique attributes of cash that are simply not replicable and only stress its vibrancy and relevance. In the first piece of news, we can read from Indian newspaper, The Economic Times, one of the most important in the country, about an increasing concern over the use of UPI in India, as the government has changed its tax policy on the platform. Levying on payments to retailers has provoked the small merchants to prefer taking payments in cash rather than using UPI, up to the point, and in many shops, no UPI, only cash sign boards have been placed. Merchants and consumers are reluctant to the increasingly tax as well as the further loss of privacy. Next, we can read in Cash Matters that Germans give an ever-increasing importance to protecting their privacy. Along these lines, there has been a study carried out by the International Foreign Exchange Association that found out that 85% of people in Germany, who use cash, do so in order to protect their privacy. In fact, this topic is very linked to the prior news we've just reviewed, a low level of defense that digital payment methods offer make cash more and more relevant and more appreciated by consumers since it is, by far, the safest mean when it comes as well for ensuring privacy. Not only the theft, but the use of personal data is becoming more and more a concern as, on one side, people are aware of the many existing leaks systems have and the fact that it's being used for purposes the owner is very often not aware or for which has not given conscious authorization to. In the third piece of news, we can read from Forbes that China is placing an important role to cash. It's taking definite step towards assuring that financial inclusion is present, real and complete in the Asian powerhouse. In order to achieve it, it has started to fine retailers that reject payments in cash. This move makes it ever more clear that only cash can assure a full financial inclusion. We must underline that China is not the only place with such a regulation, but it is as well important to underline that in many other countries with such an obligation exist, authorities must assure it's properly observed and applied. Lastly, we can read this in a study published by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, which says that consumers choose to use cash in half of all the transactions they carry out with a value under $50. This makes cash the primary mean of payment in the United States. Here, we can see that depending on the amount being spent, consumers tend to prefer one or other mean of payment. It's very important that they always have the possibility to choose amongst the different means of payment. All of the above pieces of news we've reviewed only underline the importance of cash in today's society, whether we talk about Asia, Europe, or America, and whether the target is to assure financial inclusion, privacy, or security or efficiency, only cash can provide the answer. After this brief news update, I'll share today's agenda. Firstly, Javier will review the period's highlights and he will share with us the key financials for the quarters, followed by an update on our transformation initiatives. Then I'll share key developments by region. And, finally, Javier will update us on ESG as well as conclude with key takeaways before opening for Q&A. So, this being said, please, Javier. Thank you very much, Miguel. Good morning to everyone, and thank you as well for joining our Q2 review. I now would like to highlight the key events and achievements in the period, where, amongst others, we can underline strong growth in our net income together with a reduction in our debt levels. First, when we look at the revenue line, we can see that sales have grown by 0.7%. 2025 has been the first time our sales beat the €1 billion mark for a beginning of the year health. Organic growth has performed solidly, growing close to 10% and reflecting the health of our underlying business. However, we have suffered the impact of some of our currencies that are influenced by the US dollar. The evolution of the American currency in the period, having lost over 12% of the value against the euro since the beginning of the year, is indirectly taking a toll on our euro performance. This being said, as mentioned, organic growth has been very positive in all regions. And I would like to underscore the extraordinary growth we've experienced in Asia Pacific, where sales have grown by over 60%, giving an idea of the dynamism of the region. We are confident we are entering into the better part of the year, and we are sure that performance will substantially improve and we will see how we converge towards a mid-single-digit growth rate in euro terms. Next, turning to margins, we can see we've reached 11.2% of sales in terms of EBITA. However, when we consider some extraordinary effects from the efficiency initiatives coming from the new generation route planners we have launched in Q2, this being of an extraordinary nature and that will last for around six months, we can see that comparable or pro forma margins have improved by 35 basis points, reaching 11.7% of sales and pro forma EBITA has grown by 3.7% over the one achieved one year ago. Next, we are very happy to share that our transformation efforts continue to pay. Transformation products have grown by 7.6%, and they now make up for 34% of total sales. This implies an improved penetration of 220 basis points when compared to the one reached in the same period a year ago. An important element to underline here is that the increasing base of installed machines is bringing savings in logistics in different regions, and we assure that this is only the beginning of a very promising and constant efficiency gain into the future. Regarding free cash flow, we have reached €28 million in the first half of the year, enabling us to achieve a total net debt reduction of €44 million in the last 12 months and to remain with a stable leverage ratio of 2.3 times total net debt over EBITDA. This is a proof of our discipline towards managing our debt. Lastly, I would like to share that we have successfully renewed our commercial paper program, reflecting the continuous existing interest in the market for our debt. This makes us very confident on the flexible and cost-effective solutions we have to finance our balance sheet. And as well, I'd like to highlight as one example of the multiple initiatives we are carrying out in the innovation front, the agreement we've signed with MyInvestor, which we are sure will allow us to achieve significant growth in our digital business. I will now turn to our key financials. First, I will review our profit and loss account. Revenue in the first half of 2025, some €1,005 million, growing, as I earlier said, by 0.7%. If we look to the top right-hand side of the page, we can see a very healthy close to 10% organic growth, showing once again the trust our customers place in our services, a positive 2% contribution from inorganic, namely the consolidation of our Indian operations that has started only in Q2 2024, and a negative currency impact of 11% due to the evolution of the US dollar against the euro since the beginning of the year on top of the devaluation of most of the currencies in our footprint. Next, EBITDA has reached €171 million, which implies a decrease of 3.9% versus the one achieved one year ago, taking the relative margin over sales to 17%. EBITA totals €112 million in the first six months of the year, 11.2% of sales in relative terms, and a 0.5% decrease over the first half of 2024. As we can see in the lower right-hand side of the page, operational profitability is taking into account the €5 million we have deployed in an extraordinary efficiency program in several countries. If we isolate such an effect, which is of a onetime nature, we will observe that the pro forma EBITA is of €117 million, which is 3.7% better than that of a year ago and reaches a relative margin over sales of 11.7%, again, an improvement of 35 basis points in these 12 months. The financial result for the period totals €14 million, over 50% lower than in 2024, mainly due to lower exchange rate impacts, enabling us to reach an earnings before taxes of €87 million, a very relevant improvement of over 24% versus a year ago. A tax rate of 45.1% takes us to a net profit of €48 million, 22.2% better than in 2024. With minority interests accounting for €2 million, our consolidated net profit reaches €46 million, which is 20% improvement in the year. We must acknowledge that despite the toll currencies have taken in our top line and EBITA levels and despite the effect of the extraordinary efficiency program mentioned, we can see that as we travel down our P&L and as a consequence of an active natural hedge policies, the improvement in absolute and relative terms only increases. In this line, earnings per share now totals €0.0309, which as well implies a 20% improvement over that obtained a year ago. I would like now to turn to page 5 so we can review our cash flow statement together with our net debt position. Departing from an EBITDA of €171 million for the period, we see that provisions and other items attracted €22 million whilst income tax payments totaled €51 million. CapEx outflow has been considerably reduced to €33 million, down from almost €51 million 12 months ago. This reduction is a combination of less investment in new openings in the forex business, together with various strict infrastructure CapEx control. Changes in working capital to support the almost 10% organic growth we've previously seen have totaled €36 million. With this, we reach a free cash flow for the period of €28 million, very much in line with the one achieved a year ago and resulting in an EBITDA conversion rate of 81%, an 8 points improvement over a year ago. Moving down, interest payments totaled €15 million and disbursements related to M&A up to €7 million, while dividend and treasury stock outflows totaled €7 million and others totaled €21 million. With this, total net cash flow adds to €21 million, which is a very significant improvement of €35 million or €10 million if we exclude M&A payments over the one achieved in 2024. This, together with a negative foreign exchange rate impact of €9 million, arrived to a net financial position at the end of the period of €674 million. Moving to the top right-hand side of the page, we can see that adding to it IFRS 16 debt of €111 million and deferred payments of €114 million, total net debt amounts to €882 million, reflecting a substantial improvement over the position we had a year ago by €44 million and by €11 million versus Q1 this year. Our leverage ratio is of 2.3 times EBITDA, in line with the prior quarter and with a relevant reduction of 0.6 times versus the one reached a year ago. This page shows our clear commitment towards an effective leverage management and a clear focus on cash generation as has been in prior quarters and are sure will be into the future. With this, I will turn to page 6, where we'll review our transformation efforts. Here we can see that transformation products continue to gain relevance and improve our company profile. Transformation products in the first six months of the year have reached €342 million, which is a 7.6% improvement over that one achieved a year ago. All geographies have contributed very positively to such growth, and the penetration over sales now reaches 34%, a significant 220 basis points jump over a year ago. I would like to highlight that our customers rely on our transformation solutions, and I'm very happy to share that in this first semester, we won four major contracts regarding Cash Today and CORBAN that will commence to be deployed this coming second half of the year and that enable substantial growth rates to be maintained in the near future. I would now like to hand over to Miguel. Thank you, Javier. And I will now share the key highlights of our performance by region. Turning to Latin America in page 7, we see the region accounts now for 59% of total group sales. Revenue in the region reached €589 million, a decrease of 4.8%. It's important to note that organic growth for the period has – was of a very healthy 12.4%, noting the good underlying trends of the business. However, we see a negative currency impact of 17.2% linked to, as already mentioned, the decreasing value of the US dollar versus the euro. Transformation continues to thrive in the region. Sales for this segment have grown by 4.3%, up to €214 million, reaching a penetration of 36.4% of total sales. That is 320 basis points better than a year ago. Being this our most relevant region, it's particularly important to note that as well, it has the largest penetration in terms of transformation products, a good sign towards the positioning of our company for the future. If we look at the EBITA margin for the period on a pro forma basis, we've achieved €97 million, which is a slight decrease of 0.9% year-on-year and implies a relative margin of 16.5% of sales, a substantial improvement of 60 basis points over 2024. I would like to remind here the efficiency programs Javier shared that have been launched this last quarter in the region has been of extraordinary nature and that will surely position us as a leaner operation into the future. The reported EBITA reached €93 million, which implies a relative margin of 15.7%, 20 basis points less than a year ago, even while absorbing the above-mentioned efficiency program, giving a sign of the capacity the region has to generate profitability. Moving on to Europe, which accounts for 32% of total group sales, revenue has reached €323 million in this first half. This implies an improvement of 0.6% over a year ago  backed by a (00:18:00) 0.4% organic improvement, together with a 0.2% positive foreign exchange impact. Transformation products sales have reached €105 million, which is a 3.5% improvement over that one achieved a year ago and implies a penetration over sales of almost 33%, achieving a 90 basis points improvement over 2024. We as well here can observe how transformation continues to positively advance and improve our profile into the future. Profitability has reached €12 million. This is a 3.6% of total sales and €3 million less than a year ago. This reflects a slower start of the earlier part of the year, from which we are heading in a gradually positive manner into the second half with relevant new contracts coming into place, which makes us feel very positive about the expected performance in the second half. And the third region we move on is Asia Pacific, which represents 9% of group sales. The region continues to experience a very important growth. Revenue in the period has reached €93 million, which is a 60.4% increase in relative terms year-on-year. I would like to highlight that organic growth, up 31.5%, continues to be extremely strong, for which we have a 35.2% improvement derived from the consolidation of our Indian operations from Q2 2024. Transformation in Asia has reached €23 million, more than doubling the €11 million reached a year ago. With this, transformation penetration reaches 24.6% of total sales, 100 basis points better than only one year ago. Very important to note that when we exclude India from this calculation, Transformation products have grown by almost 110% in the period. In terms of profitability, we reached €8 million in the period, which represents 8.9% of total sales, with all countries positively contributing. We're very positive on expected evolution into the future. And with this, I finalize our region review and I pass it over to Javier. Thank you. Thank you, Miguel. Now, I would like to share with you the progress we've made in our ESG initiatives. In terms of our heavy fleet emissions, we've been able to reduce them by 6.4% on a year-on-year basis. This is the result of both the development of alternative fuels programs and efficiency projects that have had, as you can see, a very relevant effect on the use of fuel and, hence, a reduction of the emissions associated to it. As well, we have been able to achieve a 6.2% reduction in total emissions when measured as CO2 grams divided by euro sold, which we reckon as a good measurement for our overall environmental efficiency. On the social front, we're happy for having been selected by Forbes as one of the 100 best companies to work for in Spain, and as well are happy to share our inclusion in the IBEX Gender Equality index. These world recognitions prove how we constantly work to be a balanced company. Lastly, I would like to share that we have updated our policies in terms of business continuity and artificial intelligence. These do not only recognize the relevance we place on proper governance, but most importantly, how devoted we are to assure, on one side, we maintain our operations going forward in a stricter and auditable manner and as well, how we properly embrace artificial intelligence to make it help us to the next level. I would as well like to highlight the very positive evolution of our ratings by third parties, but recognize our commitment to sustainability, being on the environmental and on the governance front. Now, I would like to conclude with what the key highlights for these first six months are. As we have seen, we've been able to achieve a solid growth in net income, which continues a very positive trend as well as a reduction in our debt. In terms of revenue, sales have increased by 0.7% on the back of a strong organic growth of close to 10%, showing the health of our underlying business and the trust our customers place in our services despite a slower beginning of the year in Europe. However, we've suffered a higher currency impact, mostly driven by, as mentioned, the evolution of the US dollar. And we are very happy to share the continuous and sustained growth of our Asia Pacific region that has improved by 60% in the year, half of it being strong organic growth. In terms of margins, EBITA has reached 11.2%. And if we take into consideration the mentioned efficiency initiatives that are of a nonrecurring nature, pro forma margins have climbed to 11.7%, which is a 35 basis points improvement over a year ago, as well, a 3.7% improvement in absolute terms in the same period. It is as well important to note the positive performance of financial cost that enables our net income to grow by a very relevant 22.2% year-on-year, reflecting that as we travel down the P&L, performance improves. We are confident that coming quarters will reflect an improvement in both sales and margins. Transformation continues to advance in a very solid manner. Sales have increased by 7.6% in the period for these type of products, reaching 34% of total sales, which is 220 basis points more than in 2024. This, as we shared earlier, only confirms how customers accept our transformation initiatives and that improves the profile of our company to make it more resilient and capable of growth into the future. On the free cash flow front, we have achieved €28 million in line with that obtained in 2024, and we have been able to reduce our total net debt by €44 million versus last year and by €11 million when compared to only one quarter ago. In terms of leverage, we are maintaining a stable quarter-on-quarter total net debt over EBITDA ratio of 2.3 times. This, we believe, reflects not only our commitment to strict financial control, but as well, provides us with a very solid balance sheet into the future. This discipline is being constantly recognized by lenders as the renewal of our commercial paper program shows. And lastly, stepping into the next evolution of the company, we're happy to share the agreement we signed with MyInvestor to grow jointly in the digital arena. Thank you very much for your attention. And now, I would like to open the floor to any questions you might have. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  We will now take the first question from the line of Francisco Ruiz from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Hello. Good morning and thank you for your presentation, Miguel and Javier. I have three questions. One is, could be aggregated together, which is if we look at the Q2 and we have seen a deceleration both in organic growth and also in margins, even excluding the restructuring charge. So, I'm wondering if the lower level of inflation in Latin America could led to a mid-single digit organic growth instead of mid-teens. And also, what is the reason for the not improving  (00:26:09) of the margin in this quarter? The second question is on the restructuring. So, you commented that it's going to be a six-month program. So, could we expect another €5 million in Q3 or Q4? And what is the expected return of this plan? Last but not least, more modeling questions, we have seen a big decrease on depreciation, especially in Latin America this quarter, even more than the FX. So, could you give us an idea of what it's due to and what's your expectation for the year-end as well as on CapEx? Thank you. Good morning, Paco. We'll take the questions one by one. So, on the first one, on the impact in Q2 coming from lower inflation, what we are seeing overall, especially in Latin America, is there is lower inflation, as you were saying, especially in the case of Argentina, that together with a tougher comparable base in the country is leading to a normalization process in Argentina that is taking place quite rapidly together with, I would say, some cautiousness from the macro perspective, including consumption on the back of the midterm elections. So, we would expect that after the midterm elections and once that is over, probably there will be a healthier consumption or environment for consumption. While in the rest of Latin America, what we're seeing is an acceleration itself. So, overall, if we put it together in the Latam region, we are growing above the macro in Latin America despite this normalization process in Argentina, as we're mentioning. And, I mean, it's hard to say where the organic growth will be in the future. I mean, we don't have a crystal ball. But I would say that based on that forecast for the post-midterm elections in Argentina, we would expect some acceleration going forward. And in terms of profitability, there has been significant impact from hyperinflation in this quarter, as you may have seen, that there was some sharp devaluation in the Argentinian peso. So, that we would assume that is not something you should be extrapolating. So, we would expect an improvement in profitability in the second half of the year. In terms of the efficiency plan, the idea will be to extend this for Q3 as well. So, I think it will be fair to assume that another €5 million or a bit more million euros could be implemented. And in terms of return, we understand that it should be paid back in less than 18 months. The reason why we're doing this right now, because we think there are several circumstances taking place at the same time that make it the right time for it. So, we have next-generation route planners coming into place right now, together with an increased cost to the base in terms of devices. There are sectorization initiatives in our constant efficiency programs. And the Argentinian new denomination notes are starting to spread quite widely across the economy. So, all in all, when putting it together, we thought it was the right time to try to accelerate the search for efficiencies and undertake such a program with this. And on the third question, on the depreciation and the CapEx, of course, the depreciation is also affected by the FX because a significant part of that is at local level in local currency terms. So, I would assume that the same philosophy under the FX rule applies. So, probably if the FX is a bit milder in the second half of the year, for instance, in the sales, we should see not such a big decrease on that specific caption. And in the case of CapEx, I think, we are applying a very efficient CapEx approach. There are elements which will no longer be there, like the forex opening costs that we had last year or CapEx that is not part of our investments in this 2025. And we are also on top of the – of the infrastructure CapEx that we were mentioning before, we're also rationalizing and optimizing pretty much the Cash Today stock. So, that's something that will probably be lasting for some more quarters already. So, we should not be expecting a very significant increase in CapEx for the remaining part of the year. Thank you. Thank you. We will now take the next question from the line of Enrique Yáguez from Bestinver Securities. Please go ahead. Good morning, Javier and Miguel. It's actually a couple of questions. And the first one is regarding Europe. In the presentation, you said you expect  (00:32:17) improvement throughout the year in the revenues. What kind of growth are you foreseeing during this month of summer and also about in terms of profitability, excluding the one-off impact in Q4 last year? And then, on the expected contribution from the four relevant contracts in Cash Today and CORBAN, how important it is in terms of revenue? And, finally, about the profitability in Asia Pacific, which is almost 9% in the first half of the year. What kind of profitability should we expect from this business  review (00:33:01) maybe in two, three years? Thank you very much. Good morning, Kike. On your first question regarding Europe, well, first thing we need to take into consideration is that not only Europe, but all across the board, in Q2, there has been roughly 2% to 3% less working days impact, which goes straight into the organic improvement, which will not be there in H2. And also in the case of Europe, you need to consider the slow start of the year because of the price increase processing in Germany and also some of the foreign exchange contracts not being geared at full speed, which have been renegotiated right now. And we will see the impact from that renegotiation in H2. And in the case of Germany, and that affects Europe as a whole, you have an easier comparable base in the second half of the year, which goes especially to profitability because of the strike that we have last year, which is no longer the case. So, we will be benefiting from that part as well. And there will be some contracts from transformational products in the region as well. So, when putting it all together, we are firmly convinced that both in terms of growth and profitability, we will see a much better development. If you exclude in Q2 that 2% to 3% working days impact, we will be, in the case of Europe, roughly around 3.5%, roughly speaking, organic growth, which we can deem as a reference for the region of Europe, which is on a Tier 1 like a benchmark, which should be there, I mean, in the longer term. Regarding your second question about the transformational products, we mentioned four contracts there. Those will be starting to be operated within the second half of this year. So, we should be seeing the run rate impact of that in 2026. And all of them together could be adding up to roughly €50 million in terms of sales. And those are operating at higher margins than the average, which would be contributing positively in terms of profitability enhancement. But as we said, we will start seeing part of that in the second half of the year. Your third question was related to AOA. We are seeing much better performance in the region, quarter by quarter. All countries are contributing significantly. So, we think that this has just started. So, we should expect further improvements in the region. We have very good performance from India, from Philippines. Indonesia is also performing very well. Also, it's a smaller business for us. And in the case of Australia, you may have noticed that the contribution from the clients has been extended for another six months, while we finalize the long-term pricing negotiations. So, that means that another AUD 25.5 million will be there in the second half of the year, so also reinforcing the good performance that the business is experiencing in the country. So, all in all, we are very positive about the performance of our Asian business. Thank you very much. Thank you. We will now take the next question from the line of Joaquín García-Quirós from JB Capital. Please go ahead. Yeah. Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered already. Just one more on EBITA for the full year. In previous calls, you mentioned that you were comfortable with consensus, which was around €420 million. Taking out the one-offs from the restructuring plans on a pro forma basis, do you still feel comfortable on reaching that figure, especially after this weaker quarter due to FX impacts? Thanks. Thank you, Joaquín . Yeah, I think we've been referring always to EBITA, which is the main operating metric that we typically use. So, when we look at consensus right now, it is a bit below the €280 million, so in €278 million, €279 million, roughly around that figure. We feel that we should be very close to that. So, we are confident that we can still achieve it on a pro forma basis, as you were saying. And together with that, we will be expecting strong EPS growth and deleverage. I think those are the two main levers we've seen in this Q2 that should continue towards the end of the year. But in terms of EBITA, for all of the factors that we mentioned before, we feel that we are going to be there. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you. We will now take the next question from the line of Alvaro Bernal from Alantra. Please go ahead. Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Most of them have been asked already. So, just a clarification with what you mentioned about the associates result this half. You said we can expect it to be positive again in H2, thanks to, if I understood correctly, a turnaround or better performance from Australia. That's my first question. And then, second question is simply if you can shed a bit more color on the others component in the cash flow. Thank you. That would be all. Hello, Alvaro. On your first question, yes, the business in Australia, which is consolidating under the equity method for some time back already, is performing quite positively right now. And we expect that performance to keep going ahead because we've had – on top of the increasing synergies resulting from the integration plan, we've had for the last 12 months the contribution in terms of pricing from our main clients. We have signed an agreement for an extension of another six months on this pricing contribution while we finalize the long-term pricing scheme. So, we are positive that this good performance from Australia in the first half of the year will remain and will be improving in the second half. So, your assumption, we can deem it as correct. And with regards to the second question, in the others line in the cash flow, you're seeing there roughly €20 million, €21 million impact there. So, most of that is related to a one-off contingency that has materialized in Q2 that was fully provisioned. And to a lesser extent, there is some investment in our joint ventures, which are always included in this caption. Thank you. Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to hand back over to Javier Hergueta for closing remarks. Apologies. There is one more question, if that's okay. The next question comes from the line of Enrique Yáguez from Bestinver Securities. Please go ahead. If I can, just a follow-up question, the one-off contingency that you mentioned have materialized in Q2, Javier, is the one related with Brazil that was playing in your financial accounts? Yes, you're correct, Kike. It's that one. It's this one. Okay. Thank you very much. And a reminder, the extra millions incurred in provisions. What are you referring to? Sorry, the provisions into the  (00:42:35)? Yes.  (00:42:38) a small impact in Q2 from provisions and  (00:42:47) something like that being a  €40 million (00:42:49) suggest with the cash that you need to take into account or what is the reason for that? You're mentioning the provisions in other lines in the cash flow, weren't you? Exactly. Yes, some in the second quarter. Yeah. You see some incremental impact in Q2 versus Q1. Basically, there, I mean, those are the elements that are correcting the P&L or the EBITDA from a cash flow perspective. So, the bulk of that is typically IFRS 16, which remains there in both quarters. Okay. Okay. And then it's hyperinflation and the net impact from the provisions, which is changing every quarter, I mean, that's business as usual. Sometimes that's a net positive figure. Sometimes it's a negative figure. So, in this quarter, the net impact from those provisions has a different sign than in Q1, and that is making basically a difference because IFRS 16 remains more or less constant. Okay. Thank you very much, Javier. Thank you. There are no further questions. I would like to hand back over to Javier for closing remarks. Well, thank you all for taking the time. As you have seen, we are quite positive on what is coming ahead in the coming quarters. So, we are expecting a second half of the year, which should be strong on the back of all the elements that we just mentioned throughout the call. So, we will be very happy to resume on that in the coming quarters. Should you have any further doubts, of course, you can contact our IR team. And for those of you who are taking a break now, enjoy and get some relax and hope to speak back again when you are back. Thank you all. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            