
            Management Discussion: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Prosegur Cash Full Year 2024 Results Presentation. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Miguel Bandrés, Head of IR. Please go ahead. Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining today's call. I'd like to welcome you to our 2024 Q4 and hence full year results presentation that will be led by our CEO, José Antonio Lasanta; our CFO, Javier Hergueta; and myself. The presentation will take around 30 minutes, in which we will share the many events that have taken place in the period regarding our business and how they've influenced our performance. We'll comment on our key financials, our geographical behavior, and our transformation effort, as well as our ESG initiatives. And finally, we'll share some key conclusions. After we'll open the Q&A session. Should we not get to respond to everything today, we'll get back on any open topics on an individual basis. I want to, again, thank you all for your attendance and remind you that this presentation has been pre-recorded and is available via webcast on our corporate webpage that you can find at www.prosegurcash.com. Now, before passing on to José Antonio, I'd like to share some news regarding cash that have lately appeared in the media. They cover interesting topics such as the use of cash in the United Kingdom, acceptance of cash as a principal payment method in the euro area, the key attributes of cash that make it preferred payment option for many Spaniards, or the reasons why Sweden is protecting cash. There are examples of how cash is very relevant in different countries for diverse reasons being its resiliency, secureness or inclusiveness as a payment method to enable commerce. In the first piece of news we you can read from the British Retail Consortium. For the second straight year, cash usage has increased in the UK. In the UK, a mature market in terms of payment methods, it's of particular relevance to learn that cash is gaining back to reign, thanks to some unique attributes such as its ability to allow people to value themselves or its wide acceptance in stores across the country. This is a trend that we'll most likely see in other similar mature markets. And going now to the second news coming from the European Central Bank, according to its latest study, cash has been the most used payment method in the entire euro area in 2024. This reflects consumers preference for cash payments in the world's second biggest economy and its relevance for secure commerce. This is the case because consumers seeing cash characteristics that are positive for them and fundamentally cannot be easily replicable. Next, in a piece of news by Agency Europa Press, we learned that according to a study carried out by Neobank Nickel, 75% of Spaniards declared to choose cash on a weekly basis for the payments because of its unique attributes of privacy, protection against failures of electronic payment systems and security against cyberattacks. It is of relevance to note that this study has been conducted by a digital bank and that it alludes to the safety of cash payments when compared to digital ones that continue to suffer frequent and severe security leaks and frauds, many of them often silenced, but that amount to multiple frauds in terms of occurrence and in massive quantities of money being lost. Lastly, we can read from Expansión that the Swedish government, a country that for many years has had an active anti-cash policy, continues to seek measures that warranty the use of cash payments for acquiring essential products. The two main reasons behind these protective measures are to avoid the exclusion of around 10% of its population and very importantly, as cited in the prior news to prevent the Swedish economy from falling down in the event of successful cyberattacks on its payment systems. These news are only a sample of how relevant cash is for a healthy society and how strong is the preference of consumers to continue to use it. It is our responsibility to assure that the cash cycle is efficient and that it's available to society. After these news update, I'll share today's agenda. Firstly, José Antonio will start reviewing the previous highlights. Second, Javier will share with us the key financials for the quarter, after which José Antonio will reflect on our transformation initiatives. Then I'll share key developments by region. And finally, José Antonio will update us on the latest ESG developments before sharing his conclusions and open the Q&A session. This being said, José Antonio, the floor is yours. Thank you very much, Miguel, for the intro. And good morning to everyone listening to us today and as well, thank you for attending. 2024 has definitely been a very important year for us that if I had to summarize, I would stress we have achieved a new milestone in sales well north of €2 billion. We are aligning the 5% growth path of the last six years. We attained an impressive well above 40% growth in our earnings per share, bringing it to €0.06 per share, and we have, again, deliver a very strong cash flow in the region of €150 million that shows in our leverage ratio. If we look at sales, our top line has reached €2.90 billion, which implies a 12.3% increase over last year. It is particularly important to note that we have delivered double-digit growth in euro terms, both in the fourth quarter standalone and the full year. These figures reflect the trust our customers have in our services and how healthy our industry is, both of which make me very proud of what has been achieved and very positive as we look into the future. As well noteworthy is the much lesser of a currency impact we have had when compared to previous years. When we look at our profitability margin, we observe that our EBITA has reached 12% of sales, which implies a 20 basis points improvement over 2023 in relative terms. If we look at our EBITA in absolute figures, cash reached €251 million, which is a 13.9% increase over the prior year. I would like to highlight that despite the investment in new forex openings, the Australian restructuring we experienced at the beginning of the year and the strike we suffered in the last quarter in Germany, being able to improve our profitability by all measures demonstrating the resilience of our business model. Important to underline that Asia Pacific has been profitable on a full year level for the entire 2024 as the starting of a new phase. And last but not least, I want to remind the improvement above mentioned of our earnings per share by well above 40% year-on-year. When you look at transformation, as you know a key pillar of our strategy, we have reached 32.2% of total sales, close to the one-third level. Transformation products have grown by close to 19%, and the share of total sales has improved by 180 basis points. Again, this only underlines how important our transformation strategy is and how our reality has become for today's performance and most importantly, a solid basis for the future. Moving into free cash flow, I am very glad to share that we have generated €148 million in the year with a particularly strong fourth quarter when we reached €57 million. On a full year basis, this implies an improvement of 24% versus 2023 and it has enabled us to reduce our net debt by €12 million quarter-on-quarter, considering that in this last quarter we have distributed €30 million in dividends. With this all, we are happy to share that our total net debt to EBITDA ratio has gone down to 2.3 times, well within our comfort level, although our firm commitment is to keep lowering it down. As well, I would like to share that our commitment to shareholder retribution is total, as the approval of a new share buyback plan of €8 million for this coming year signoffs. To this, we should add the proposal to increase our regular dividend to €63 million. If we consider both the share buyback and increase dividend, total shareholder compensation will increase in 2025 by over 18% versus prior year. Another important element to share is that we have extended the backup €300 million revolving credit facility, which is unused and enable us to have a long-term safe position on our debt structure. And lastly, we are proud to share that our ESG ratings have improved in the year, showing that our commitment to be a more sustainable and responsible company is recognized by independent third parties for which we will later provide further detail. With this, I would like to turn over to Javier, so he can share with us our key financials. Thank you, José Antonio. Turning to our profit and loss account, our sales have reached €2,090 million, which as said is an all-time high. If we look at how that growth has taken place, overall improvement in euro terms has been of 12.3%, of which organic growth shows a very healthy raise by 18%. Inorganic growth accounts for 0.5% of total sales, and we have a negative foreign exchange impact of 6.2%, this being much milder impact than in previous years. Our EBITDA totaled €383 million, an improvement of 17.5% over the one we achieved in 2023 and in terms of sales implies an 18.3%, 80 basis points better than last year. This takes us to an EBITDA figure of €251 million, which is a 13.9% improvement over last year or €31-additional-millions. We have as well improved relative performance by 20 basis points in the year. These all taking into account the hit we've taken on the Australian restructuring, the investment in growing the forex business or the German strike suffered late in the year. We will see as we go down the P&L that the relative performance in each line has been improving as a result of both efficiency and other management initiatives. Our EBIT margin reached €226 million, a 16.4% improvement over last year and represents now 10.8% of sales. With this, we reached an earning before taxes of €166 million in 2024, which implies a very substantial improvement of 40.7% or a €48 million increase. In relative terms, our earnings before taxes over sales reached 7.9%, 160 basis points better than last year. Our tax rate in percentual terms has decreased to 45% from last year resulting in a tax cost of €75 million. With that, our net profit reaches €91 million, that is a 44.9% increase on 2023. With the above financials, our earnings per share reached €0.06, which is a 45.1% increase versus the 4.13 euro cents we achieved in 2023. This figure clearly shows how the result of our management positively impacts the value generated for our shareholders. Turning now to the next page, we can review our cash flow and net debt position. Regarding cash flow, we start with an EBITDA of €383 million from which we deduct €35 million in provisions and others. Income tax cash outflow adds to €64 million, while investment in fixed assets totals a cash outflow of €101 million, showing a total commitment to CapEx expenditure discipline. The investment in working capital represents €35 million, which shows the very strong management focus on controlling our receivables and payables despite having to finance the mentioned 18% organic growth. With this, our free cash flow for the year totals €148 million, a €28 million improvement versus 2023. And our conversion rate measured as EBITDA minus CapEx over EBITDA reaches 74%, which is 600 basis points better than the one obtained just a year ago. Interest payments totaled €18 million and M&A outflows related to past year's acquisitions €36 million. Dividend and treasury stock accounted to €59 million, a 20% increase over 2023. And the others line accounts for a €35 million outflow. This all results in the total free cash flow of €1 million positive versus last year's negative €30 million. Our net financial position at the beginning of the period started at €624 million and has had a positive €1 million impact on total free cash flow, plus a negative foreign exchange rate effect of €20 million, which implies a €64 million improvement in that line versus 2023. This all results in a net financial position for the end of period of €643 million to which we add €124 million of IFRS 16 debt, €125 million in deferred payments and €6 million positive of treasury stock, achieving a total net debt of €886 million, which is an improvement of €12 million versus where we closed only one quarter ago. This is of a special relevance if we take into account in the fourth quarter we've paid €30 million in dividends. The resulting leverage ratio of 2.3 times, as we have said before, is well within our comfort levels and implies a significant improvement of 0.3 times versus the ratio we achieved in December 2023. This page shows clearly our ability to generate a sustainable cash flow and a subsequent commitment to disciplined debt management which will continue into the future. With this, I would like to hand over to José Antonio, so he can share with us on the transformation of our company. Thank you, Javier. Regarding transformation, I am proud to share that our transformation products account for almost one-third of total sales. In 2024, we sold €673 million of transformation products, a 19% increase over 2023 or €107 million additional sales in absolute terms. They now account to over 32% of total sales, increasing their penetration by 180 basis points in only one year and despite the fact that our core business has performed strongly. Transformation products both in LATAM and Europe account for almost one-third of total sales and growth on a like-for-like basis is very strong in Asia Pacific. These figures once again demonstrate that our customers rely strongly on our transformation solutions, and it's the best indicator that our company is very well positioned today and even better into the future. All our solutions have performed well in 2024, especially both Cash Today and forex. I want to as well underline the performance of Corban that has set the basis for what we are sure will be a very promising 2025 and years to come. With this, I would like to hand over to Miguel, so he can explain the key highlights of our performance by region. Thank you, José Antonio. I'll start by sharing the figures for our main region, Latin America, that accounts for 62% of total revenue. In 2024, our total sales in the region added to €1,294 million, which is a 15% increase over 2023. This has been propelled by a very strong 25.3% organic growth, selling the strength of our business here and has netted off a negative impact of 10.3% due to foreign exchange. We should observe that the foreign exchange effect has been reducing as we have advanced in the year. In terms of transformation, I'm proud to share that sales coming from these products have climbed by 21% to €428 million in the year and now make up to 33.1% of total sales. The main drivers behind this behavior have again been Cash Today and Corban, both showing that they have all support from our customers who only continue to help their growth. When we look at profitability pro forma, EBITA has increased by 16% to €218 million. This implies an absolute growth of €31 million versus the one reported one year ago and a relative margin of 16.9% of sales, which is a 30-basis-point improvement versus 2023. If we now look at Europe, our second largest region with sales accounting for 31% of the company, our revenue in the region has reached €653 million, a 7% increase over 2023. This has been backed on an organic growth of 4.7% and inorganic has helped with an additional 1.5% growth. Comparing this growth to the region's GDP improvement in 2024, that ranges from a 0.2% decline in Germany to plus 3.2% in Spain, we've been able to outperform the economies we conduct business in, reflecting the robustness of our model even in a challenging environment. Looking at transformation, we've experienced a very relevant increase of 16% with sales totaling €215 million, 16% more than a year ago. Our transformation sales now account for 32.9% of total sales, implying an improvement of 217 basis points in the year. Turning to EBITA, this has reached €31 million, which is €2 million less than a year ago. The two main effects on this reduction being the investment in forex openings we've done throughout the year, as well as a strike in Germany that hit us in the last quarter, under which an agreement was reached. And now we turn to Asia Pacific, that represents 7% of total sales. This region's sales have climbed to €143 million, which is a 15% improvement over 2023 on the back of a very strong 16.3% organic growth and with a negative currency impact of 1.7%, whilst inorganic has contributed positively by 0.8%. This growth, again, well outperforms the average GDP growth in the region of circa 5.5%. Transformation in the region continues to build strongly, reaching €30 million in 2024, which is a 6% increase over that one achieved a year ago. We now total 21.2% of total sales in the region under this category. However, when we look at this growth on a like-for-like basis, we can observe it has achieved an astounding plus 72.7%, beating even the figure we had in September year-to-date of 50.7%. It is as well very important when we look at the pro forma EBITA margin for the region to note that it has reached €3 million, that's a 2.1% of sales, underscoring that now all countries in Asia Pacific are contributing positively to profitability. This being a milestone, we expect to significantly improve in the near future. Thank you, all. And now I'll ask José Antonio to please share on our ESG initiatives. Thank you, Miguel. I would like to now share with you our key events on the ESG front. Firstly, we have approved a New Sustainability Master Plan for the coming years that will provide us with a thorough frame in which to conduct our activity in a responsible manner, having a positive impact in our society and always bearing in mind the cost benefit tradeoff. Along those sides, I'd like to share some key achievements in this 2024. Regarding our environment, we've been able to reduce our overall CO2 emissions by 5.5% year-on-year due to several efforts such as diesel consumption savings or increasing the use of bio-friendly fuels, showing that we can solidly contribute to our sustainable footprint. Along those same lines, we have been able to increase the amount of recycled materials from 17.2% to 33.7% in the case of plastics. These are very important steps and show how committed we are to ensuring that our recycling policies are strictly adhered to. Turning now to our employees, I would like to highlight that in 2024, our incidence rate has decreased 6.9% to 26.2%. As well, we have worked on improving the satisfaction of our workforce, and is shown by our eNPS, in which we reached an excellent score of 41.5, increasing 7 points. And regarding governance, we have approved two important policies, one being the environmental one to keep lowering our emissions policies, and the other being the industrial relation and sourcing policy that will be our guiding principle in such relevant areas for our business. I'm very happy to share as well that five main agencies have improved our rating during the last 12 months, proving that all our efforts are recognized by independent actors, such as Sustainalytics, FTSE4Good, MSCI, Standard & Poor's and EthiFinance. Finally, I would like to conclude recapping our main achievements for the year, have clearly passed the €2 billion sales mark, backed by a solid organic growth and showing a double-digit improvement of 12.3% in euro terms. Our EBITDA profitability continues to improve, having climbed by 13.9% over 2023 and sits at 12% on total sales, despite continuing to invest in growing our forex business, it requires some time to mature into profitability or having continued to restructure Australia and suffer, as I mentioned, the strike in Germany. As we go down our profit and loss, we see that our earnings per share ratio has overpassed €0.06, which is well above 40% improvement over that achieved one year ago. I think this clearly shows the focus on managing the company from growth to the very bottom line. In terms of transformation, we continue to push our solutions that are being very well accepted by the market. They now account for 32.2% of total sales, having grown by 18.8% to €673 million. We are confident that our portfolio of transformation solutions is the best base from which to continue growing in the coming years. Regarding free cash flow, that you know is an absolute priority for us, we have reached €148 million in the year, a 2024 improvement over 2023 that has enabled us to reduce our net debt in the last quarter, permitting us to have a leverage ratio of 2.3 times, a significant drop versus the one we had a year or only three months ago. We are sure this is the way to go and we continue to very diligently manage cash flow and control our debt levels. Lastly, our commitment to shareholder compensation continues strong as the €8 million share buyback program approved shows that adds to the €3 million increase in the proposed dividend. With this all, total shareholder compensation will improve by over 18% in the year. Regarding ESG, we are showing important progress in the different fronts I've shared earlier or ratified by the corresponding independent agencies. So as you can see, 2024 has been a very good year, but what's most important, I am sure that we have the basis for an even better 2025 and years to come. Thank you very much for your attention. And now, I'd like to open the floor to any questions you might have. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Thank you. We will now start with our first question, which is from Manuel Lorente Ortega from Santander. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning. 2024 has been a year complicated in order to address meaningful trends regarding the base effects on Argentina hyperinflation on December last year. So, I would really appreciate whether you can give us some indication of the 18% of organic growth that you delivered this year, which one is coming from pricing, volumes? And some indication regarding regions would be also great. Hello. Manuel. Thank you very much for that. I think 2024 has been a good year as you were saying, the growth has come, as you said, 18%, the growth has come mainly from two-thirds, one-third we could say of volume and price. So, I think we are going to deliver in 2025, I think you have a good outlook also for growth. I think we are going to keep delivering important growth in the next year. I think it's going to be a very much driven by strong core, which is going to be very close to GDP growth and a very high-teens growth on the new products. So, I think we are on the right trend to keep delivering growth. So, I think the overall growth is going to be mid-single digit  (00:30:13), okay? Okay. But before moving to 2025, I have also one question... Okay. ...on EBITA – or margins in Latin America. Margins in Latin America were 17%, which implies an average of 18% on the second half of the year, which is great. But it's still far away from the 20%, 21% you deliver not so far ago. So, how do you see evolving these margins through time? This 20%, 21% that we saw two, three years ago are still a valid reference, but it has changed something on this time in terms of, I don't know, volumes, competitive pressures, FX dynamics, whatever? Okay. I think the right question – I think the right answer would be they are going to keep improving in the coming years. And we will reach the 31%. I think it's very challenging because of the change of mix in countries. I don't think there is a big difference in competitive environment in the countries. I think this is pretty similar, although the mix, the different mix of the weight of the countries have changed a little bit, but we are going to improve margins in most markets and we are going to see having a very important improvement in next year. Okay. And then my final question on Asia Pacific. Again, things are evolving on the positive direction. Margins has delivered close to 2% on a yearly basis, which is your long-term expectations from this business. Is this is something similar to Europe margins, to LATAM margin, somewhere midway? I think on that one, I think, it's been – this year has been a milestone because it's the first year we've been positive. I think it's something that is going to stay. I think in the very short term they are going to come to midway, as you were saying, not above in Europe and below Latin America. Hopefully in the mid-term, we are able to improve them, but I think in the very short term, we are going to see a very strong performance on Asia. I think sales are strong and EBITA margin is going to be very – we are going to see a very steep improvement in the short term. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. We'll now take our next question. Next question is from Francisco Ruiz from BNP Paribas Exane. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning. I have three questions. The first one is on the use of cash, you have had a very good development on the free cash flow and debt in the last quarter, but for the whole year as well. You have slightly increased your dividend. But I mean, if the cash flow generation continues in 2025, but theoretically would be a more normalized year where you could deliver better growth, you are going to get below the 2 times EBITA, more or less. So, what is the policy in terms of use of cash? Can we see the company will return to a more active M&A role? Or is it just focused on trying to increase dividend and buybacks? The second question is in Europe. So, what should be – with the current situation and geopolitical risk, etcetera, what should be the normalized margin for European business, not 2025, but mid-run for you? And last one is kind of follow up on previous question on the margin, because we appreciated the data that you gave on the transformation initiatives, we see that new products are weighed more and more on your sales, but there is no major reflection in the margin. So, I don't know how we should think on this transformation process. Is it just a way to keep in sales growing with no profitability tailwinds or the profitability will come in the coming years? Thank you. Thank you, Paco. On the first question, I think our short-term focus is to reduce debt. We are going to have a very strong focus on reducing our debt levels in the coming years. I don't think we're going to see more M&A. I think in the core business, there is no more bolt-on acquisitions that could be very value enhancing for us. And we already have the capabilities we wanted to have in the new products space. I think we have built a strong capabilities on forex and Corban. I think now we still have a lot of organic growth to come from those capabilities and expanding on those capabilities. So, I see a strong focus on debt reduction and at the same time, I'm trying to maintain a good remuneration for shareholder. I think this year, we have grown 18%. I don't know if this is sustainable to have an 18% growth year-on-year, but we are going to put cash on to it. But you're asking me what is our primary focus, it is going to be debt reduction. On the second question, Europe. I think Europe now is pretty much affected by two things. One was the German strike. I think, we are building the basis to have a stronger Germany, which is our largest country in Europe. And the second thing is where most of our forex business is, as we said we've been investing a lot this year in trying to expand the business. We have opened more than 100 locations, more or less two per week. So it's a very strong growth and has affected our profitability. And that's pretty much linked to your third question. I think we wanted to pretty much capture the opportunity that we saw in the market. Now, we should extract value of the growth we have done in – mainly in forex. In Corban as well, I think Corban is going to improve profitability in 2025 and I think forex business should bring us some higher profitability, and we should see – and it should impact the whole group on that front. I think all the investments that we are doing internally in the forex business and in Corban should give returns in the coming years that we should see an improvement of profitability. In 2025, but mostly in 2026 – and the years to come. I think we – the forex business is a business that we have put a lot money in 2024. We will put some in 2025, but in a much less way. And we should see improvements on the results of this investment in 2025 and mostly in 2026. And the Corban business should bring – we have signed two or three contracts very important in Latin America, in which we should see the important returns in – mainly in 2026, but I think 2025 we are going to see positive or earnings enhancing effects on the group – at the group level. So, we should see some profitability uplifting on the margin side. Thank you. Thank you very much, José Antonio. Thank you. We'll now take our next question. This is from Álvaro Lenze from Alantra. Please go ahead. Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. It has been partially responded already, but I'd like to deep dive in Argentina specifically. If you can tell us more about how the situation is there, how are you seeing volumes, and how well are you being able to trespass prices and controlling costs? That would be my first question. And then regarding the second one, you have talked about focus on debt level reduction. Is there a specific leverage you have in mind? And/or an absolute net debt number you're looking at? Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Álvaro. I think the Argentina situation is a situation – an economic situation, which they are stabilizing now right now. Their inflation right now is more or less 2% per month and the devaluation is more or less 1.5% per month in that range 2%, 1.5%. So, we are seeing a reactivation of the economy, it was very stable last year because of the hard measures that already the government – the  (00:42:39) government took for the economy in order to stop the inflation, in order to minimize as much as possible inflation. So – and now it's starting to activate the economy. So, we should see a better growth of the economy and that should help our business. Volumes, I think they are going be more positive this year. In the world of the economy, because the economy is going to be in a better situation. On the price part of it, I think we will follow inflation, I think, you know that our price are pretty much linked to labor tariffs, and the labor tariffs are pretty much linked to inflation. It's true that the  (00:43:40) government now is very – it's intervening a lot in the tariff negotiations, so they all – negotiations are private between the unions and the companies, but the government has to ratify them. And sometimes the government is putting them down even after an agreement has been reached between the companies and the unions. And that's a way to curb the inflation of the country. But I think in 2025 it's going to be pretty much linked to inflation. And it's true it's a hard work that we have to do every – almost every month. Last year, we had monthly price increase and I think this year it's going to be 9 to 10 price increases that we're going to have, but I'm confident that we'll be able to get those or achieve that transfer of labor cost increases to our customers. And that's about – as you think about the debt levels, I think our short-term milestone is going to be get below 2 times and I think we – that's going to be a focus that we have to balance with the short-term situation, but that's going to be our short term or our primary focus. Then, we have said that we would like to be more or less closer to 1.5 times, without be more ideal for us in the mid-term. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. We'll now take our next question. This is from Enrique Yáguez from Bestinver Securities. Please go ahead. Hello. God morning, Javier and Miguel. First, also several questions about profitability. The first one is, could you be more precise about the improvement in profitability expected for this year? Which business areas should drive this improvement and profitability? And also, I'd like to know what are your expectations for margins in three years' time? You said that 21% was a little bit demanding, so what will be your expectations? And finally, just a completely different question. In your previous strategic plan, ATMs was one of the new business initiatives that you highlighted. Is still this an area that you may consider or not? Thank you. Okay. The first one on profitability, Enrique, I think we're going to be pretty much close to contentious in absolute terms. I think that's our point of – our starting point, hopefully we can beat it. And what are the areas that are going to improve. I think, as we said, the forex part, we too have invested a lot, we are going to see an improvement and that should drive our profitability up. The second one, I think, Germany was pretty much affected by the strikes, but the strikes were really the type of negotiation. So, we have now – I think we've been or we are being very successful on transferring these valid negotiations to our customers in Germany. And at the same time we are seeing some volume increase in Germany. So, In think Germany and forex should drive our profitability up in 2025. And the second question was about ATM, or is something that I was missing from the first one, Enrique, I don't know. Yes, I also asked your opinion about the expected margins in three years' time. No. As – I think we are – margins are going to go up, for sure. And I think our – we have improved 20 basis points this year and I think that a growth path should be maintained or increased in the coming years on a yearly basis, so, we should try to beat that part and we should be closer to the 13%. I mean, you asked me about ATMs. ATMs, we have some experience about ATMs. I think banks are retracting about ATMs, the thing is – and I think it's part – we are very – we are looking verry closely to the ATM business. The thing is that we need to see what is the business case on each of the different situations. Next week, we are going to start organically, our JV with Euronet, the first batch of ATMs in Peru and in Dominican Republic. It is a total organic growth and pretty much linked to the tourist areas of both countries, and which we think there is an issue. On the – that would be on the ownership of ATMs. What we are doing is we are increasing our ATM maintenance business, so I think we are – our ATMs division is growing, it's still very small, but it's growing very – it's growing quite healthy. But on the ownership of ATMs and getting the business risk of managing ATMs and having the ownership ourselves, we are very careful on the business basis. And at the moment, we are pretty much looking only at – very focused touristic places and pretty much focused on the JV with Euronet, because they are a major operator and I think we feel much more comfortable to do with them. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.  There are no further questions – pardon, we have one question just coming through. Please stand by. And we have a question from Manuel Lorente Ortega from Santander. Please go ahead. Yes. Sorry for the follow-up. I mean, I think that you mentioned consensus that you were comfortable with consensus estimates for this year. Consensus is something difficult to track sometimes, but I'm seeing right now that consensus is expecting 2% top line growth for this year and roughly €420 million of EBITDA that especially on the revenue sides might look a little bit soft regarding what you have mentioned on the underlying trends, I don't know, whether you can add something about top line growth expectations for the year, because I believe that you also have mentioned several moving parts in terms of profitability improvement. Yes. Thank you, Manuel. Yes, it will be a bit higher on the same side. I think the – we are going to grow much faster than normal about 13%, as we said mid-single digit. I was more on the EBITA front, I think we are going to be a little bit above with this in the – on the consensus and where I think we are going to be pretty much on the spot is more on the net profit, a bit above the €100 million net profit, we are going to start around €110 million or something like that. I think we should be around that. Okay. Great. Thanks. Thank you. And there are no further questions. I will now hand the conference back to the speakers for any closing comments. Thank you very much. I just wanted to remind you the three last messages. I think the – this year 2024, we have delivered on the things that we promised at the end of last year. I think we have had a strong sales with better increasing EBITA and even more on net profit. I think the leverage has been decreased as we said. And I think the outlook for 2025 is quite promising. And we are going to deliver higher sales growth, a little bit above we would increase profitability margins and we would expect to have strong EPS growth. Our focus is going to be free cash flow generation and debt reduction with taking care of important aspect of shareholder remuneration. I think this is the effort that the whole team is going to be pretty much focus on. Thank you very much. Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect. 
            