
            Management Discussion: Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining today's call. I would like to welcome you to our 2024 Q3 Results Presentation that will be led by our CFO, Javier Hergueta, and myself. The review will last around 30 minutes. Each will share the main events relating to our business that have taken place in the period and how they've driven our performance. We will comment on our key financials, our geographical performance, and our transformation effort. After, we will open a Q&A session. And should we don't get to respond to everything today, we'll get back on remaining topics on an individual basis. I want to again thank you all for your attendance and remind you that this presentation has been prerecorded and is available via webcast on our corporate Web page that you can find at www.prosegurcash.com. Now, before letting the floor to Javier, I'd like to share some news regarding cash that have lately appeared in the media. They range from payment methods used in Latin America to increasing cash withdrawals in Spain, German's payment behaviors or customer sentiment regarding payment options in the US. There are all examples in very different geographies showing the relevance of cash for consumers. We started with the first piece of news where we can read in a report by the Inter-American Development Bank, IDB, on Latin America's means of payment. And we learned that countries such as Ecuador, Bolivia, or Peru rank amongst those where cash has the highest circulation levels. This is a proof of how important cash is in emerging economies and, in particular, is relevant to our case since this is our biggest region where cash continues to show its strong health. In the second piece of news, we can read from a Spanish online newspaper, El Confidencial, that cash withdrawals have grown by 4% last year in Spain and that the average withdrawal amount is of €180. Hence, consolidating the trust the Spaniards have when conducting their daily economic activities. Thirdly, the Bundesbank, German Central Bank, has published a study on payment behavior, which states that over half of Germans use cash regularly, making it the main mean of payment in Europe's biggest economy, this being a country where we have a very significant presence. Lastly, we can read in The Independent on a survey conducted in the US that shows that more than twice as many Americans regard cash to be their primary mean of payment compared to those who think it's obsolete. In these four articles, we get an overview of how relevant cash is in different geographies in the world, geographies that are in different stages of development and of behavior in terms of the use of different payment means, and that in all of them the relevance and use of cash is shown to be very strong. After this brief news update, I will share today's agenda. Firstly, Javier will start reviewing the period's highlights and then will update us on the key financial for the quarter, as well as reviewing the evolution of our transformation initiatives. After, I'll share key developments per region. And then Javier will share key takeaways before opening the Q&A session. This being said, Javier, please share with us this period's highlights. Thank you, Miguel, for your introduction, and good morning to everyone attending our call. I would like to start with a brief review of our sales, which continued to grow by 1.7% in euro terms despite still carrying the negative effect of the impact of currency devaluation, which will improve next quarter, as we compare versus the FX adjustment made in Q4 last year. If we isolate the impact of inorganic operations, we can see that growth reaches 2.2% since the impact of not consolidating Australia is still larger than that of the inclusion of both India since April this year and WSN in Germany from August of last year. It is as well very relevant to note the continuous positive organic growth in all of our geographies showing the underlying health of our business. Going next into profitability, we can observe that the EBITA margin for the first nine months of the year totals 11.8%. This reflects an improvement on a quarter-on-quarter basis for this Q3 of 70 basis points. Still, the comparison versus last year does not help because of the stronger Argentinian currency prior to the post-election's devaluation in December 2023. Along these lines, EBITA continues to be affected in relative terms, fundamentally because of both the effect of country mix, as well as the continued investment in expanding our exchange of business and the Australian restructuring. Despite that, I would like to stress the good performance in the lower part of the P&L that drives our net profit to increase by 4.1% on the basis of lower financial costs driven by reduced currency impact, together with a lower tax rate. In terms of transformation, we continue to see the transformation products increase its penetration to 32.1% of total sales, having improved by an additional 30 basis points on an accumulated basis versus the figure reached only three months ago. All our geographies continue to strongly contribute to this growth in a like-for-like basis when excluding the impacts of both Australia and India, giving an overall growth rate of 12.7% in euro terms. Very important always, and particularly in this quarter, has been the performance in our cash flow generation. In this last quarter, we have achieved a free cash flow generation of €63 million, which brings the year-to-date figure to €92 million. This has enabled us, despite having paid the second €15 million tranche of our committed dividend, to reduce net financial debt by €28 million to a total net debt of €898 million, initiating a very good trend. In terms of leverage ratio, we continue to see the effect of last year's Q4, which should normalize in the coming quarter when we will see it substantially decrease. Lastly, I'd like to highlight that we have increased our stake in Minos Global, a relevant player in the crypto sphere, showing our commitment to the next wave of transformation. I will now turn to the key financials for the quarter. Now, moving on to our financials, I will first review our profit and loss statement. Starting by the evolution of our sales, looking at the chart on the top right-hand part of the page, we can see sales in these first nine months of the year have increased by 1.7% versus one year ago reaching €1,523 million. It is important to note that excluding the inorganic detraction of 0.5%, the net euro impact of organic and currency effect results in a growth of 2.2%. Again, I would like to emphasize that, into Q4, a positive effect of both currency impact as well as inorganic changes in perimeter will be clearly reflected. Going down to EBITDA, we can see that it has reached €275 million. That is an 18% over revenue and lower by €13 million than the one we achieved one year ago. This, as you all know, is driven fundamentally by the effect of currencies in our country mix, as well as the investment in the growth of our change business, together with some continued restructuring in our Australian venture. Depreciation totals €96 million. That is €15 million more than a year ago, taking our EBITA level to €179 million, implying 11.8% of sales, affected by the abovementioned items in terms of profitability. Amortization of intangibles remains constant at €19 million, resulting in an EBIT of €160 million that is 10.5% of sales and implying a reduction of 14.3% versus the one shown one year ago. As we move down in the P&L, we can see a very relevant improvement in the financial result that goes down by €29 million and totals €43 million in the period. This improvement results from a lesser currency impact, which very substantially helps the lower part of our statements. Earnings before taxes reaches €117 million, €2 million more than one year ago, and places a margin over sales of 7.7%, exactly as in the comparable previous period despite, as said, this one being the prior one to the major Argentina devaluation that took place in Q4 2023. Tax rate continues to improve to 43.8% of sales, a reduction of 150 basis points versus last year, taking our net profit to €66 million, which is up 4.3% of total sales and implies an improvement of 4.1% versus net profit shown a year ago. Minorities account for €1 million, which results in a consolidated net profit of €64 million. With all these, earnings per share totaled €0.0432, which results in an improvement of 4.5% versus the one achieved one year ago. Turning now to review the cash flow and net debt for the period. In page 5, we can see that we've had a very strong cash flow performance in this last third quarter of the year. Starting from the previously shared €275 million EBITDA, provisions and other items totaled €15 million, very much in line with that reported one year ago; and income tax shows a €3 million improvement, detracting €47 million in total. Capital expenditure is well under control, representing an outflow of €67 million, 8% down from prior year. Taking into account the relevant portion is related to continue expanding growth initiatives such as Cash Today and the forex business with an important IT investment embedded. The investment in working capital totals €55 million, showing a strong discipline on the financing of the growth of the company. With that all, free cash flow reaches €92 million in the first nine months of the year, €63 million of which having been generated in this last third quarter stand-alone. These all results in a very healthy conversion ratio of 76%. Below, we can see that interest payments account for €70 million, which is an increase of €50 million to the one experienced one year ago, mainly due to lower financial income from excess cash sitting in subsidiaries. M&A-related payments total €32 million, that is an increase of €13 million versus last year. And dividends represent an outflow of €30 million year-to-date, once the first two paid installments of €15 million each have taken place, the latter of them in this last quarter. In others, we see a significant decrease in the outflow to €29 million for the period with which we reached a total net cash outflow of €16 million. Additionally, there's a very relevant reduction in the foreign exchange rate impact versus last year which totals €14 million versus €45 million a year ago. All these result in a net financial position at the end of the period of €654 million, which as we can see on the right-hand side chart when added the €120 million related to IFRS 16 debt and €129 million deferred payments was netting off the €6 million interest rate, reaches a total debt of €898 million, below the €900 million mark and below the level of the last two quarters. As said, I think it's very important to underline these three elements. First, the Q3 stand-alone free cash flow generation of €63 million, which implies an improvement of €10 million over the one we experienced in the same quarter one year ago. Second, the reduced exchange impact by $31 million year on year. And lastly, the mentioned decrease in net financial debt by €28 million quarter-on-quarter, which shows the result of our determined strategy towards lowering the debt of the company. Still, in relative terms, total net debt to EBITDA last 12 month remains at 2.9 times, still affected by last year's fourth quarter as well as by the fact of having consolidated all of Indian's debt, but its EBITDA only from April onwards this year. With this all, in the coming quarter, we should see how that leverage ratio improves substantially. Summarizing, I want to stress the delivery on our debt reduction commitment and free cash flow increase despite a lower EBITDA. The next topic I would like to cover with you is the one related to our transformation efforts. You know how important this is for the future of our company and we are very proud to share that our story continues to pay out in very positive terms. Sales accounted by these products reached €489 million in the first nine months of the year, which is an increase of almost 10% when compared to that achieved one year ago. This is despite currency effect and the changes in perimeter; which, once isolated, increased the growth to 12.7%. This growth results in an increased penetration by 240 basis points, up to 32.1% of total sales. Once again, the two main families contributing to this growth are Cash Today and our forex business. Regarding the latter, in these first nine months of the year, we have opened five major airports in Denmark, Iceland, Cyprus, New Zealand, and the latest Singapore, one of the most relevant air stations in the world in terms of traffic. Obviously, these openings have taken a toll in our profitability since they require a significant ramp-up time, which we are sure will very positively pay back in the near future. With this, I would like to turn to Miguel so he can share with us the main developments in our key geographies. Thank you, Javier. I'll start by reviewing our performance in Latin America that represent 61% of total sales. In this nine months, we can see that total sales have decreased by 1%, reaching €932 million with a significant currency impact in the quarter. Organic growth totals 57.8%, while the currencies have an adverse impact of 58.7%. This has mainly been the case since this third quarter we are comparing ourselves with third quarter of 2023, just before the December strong devaluation that took place in Argentina. In terms of transformation, we've grown very soundly by 8.8%, adding €25 million and reaching a total €311 million in the period. This implies that the share of transformation has reached one-third of total sales, confirming the acceptance by our customers of these solutions. Turning to Europe, which accounts for 32% of total group sales, we've seen a total sales growth of 9.1% when compared to one year ago and achieving €492 million. This has been on the back of organic growth of 6.8%, fundamentally driven by transformation, as well as a good performance of the underlying business. Inorganic still brings in 2% of sales from the acquisition of WSN in Germany, and currencies had a mild positive 0.3% effect. Looking at transformation, total sales of transformation products amounts to €159 million, having increased the penetration year-on-year by 240 basis points, up to 32.3% of revenues. This is what confirms that transformation is close to one-third of total sales in the region and that it continues to grow at a very steady and solid pace. Lastly, we're looking at Asia-Pacific that now accounts for 7% of total group sales. We can observe that revenues have decreased by 6.1%, reaching €99 million in the period. This is driven by the effect of the deconsolidation of our Australian operations back in September 2023 that more than offsets the positive inorganic contribution of India since April this year. Organic growth shows a healthy 11.7% positive effect, whilst currencies have a negative effect of 1.6%. Regarding transformation in Asia-Pacific, sales have reached €19 million, which implies a 20.9% decrease over that shown one year ago. But when factoring out the effect of the Australian deconsolidation, transformation shows a very strong growth of 50.7% in the period. Thank you. With this, I would like to hand over to Javier for his concluding remarks. Thank you, Miguel. I would like to share with you my conclusions from these quarterly results. I think the most important element has been the very strong cash flow generation in the period totaling, as I stated before, €92 million in these first nine months, out of which €63 million have been generated in the last quarter stand-alone. With this, we've been able to start delivering our target to reduce our debt in absolute numbers, which now is at €898 million after having paid €15 million in dividends in the period. Sales show a 1.7% increase in euros, but improves to 2.2% when we compare it on a like-for-like basis with a positive organic contribution from all geographies. As well, in terms of EBITA, we can see a continued improvement in margin quarter-on-quarter of 70 basis points for Q3 with the overall margin reaching 11.8% of sales. Along these lines, I would like to highlight the improvement over net profit by 4.1%, despite the abovementioned reduction on EBITA on the back of lower financial expenses as well as an improved tax rate, which we are sure will continue on a positive trend. Transformation products have increased penetration by 30 basis points from June onwards and now reach 32.1% of total sales, with double-digit growth of 12.7% on a like-for-like basis showing once again the trust our customers have on these solutions. These are all very positive steps towards a continuous improvement of our company that make us be confident in the coming times. Now, I would like to open the floor to any questions you might have. Thank you. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Thank you. We'll now take our first question. This is from the line of Francisco Ruiz from BNP Paribas Exane. Please go ahead. Hello. Good morning, both. I have three questions. The first one is on Q4, because it looks like it's going to be a very, let's say, bumpy quarter. We've got the comparison with the depreciation of Argentina plus the inflation. And also you have the beginning of the negative effect on the perimeter. So, if you could give us with the current situation of Argentinian peso what we should expect on FX on perimeter for Q4 for the year end, it would be good. The second question is on what you announced yesterday between Prosegur and Prosegur CASH on this cooperation agreement. I would like to know if there is any serious consequences for you on this agreement? And last but not least, you commented on – I think this were your words – substantial improvement on the net debt ratio. Could you give us some view of if you have any internal targets or any, yeah, guidance on this? Thank you. Good morning, Paco. I'll go I'll go taking the questions one by one. In terms of the Q4, as you correctly pointed out, the comparable base should be helping. So, of course, we will be expecting a very significant improvement versus last year. In order to put some more color into that, I would refer to the full-year consensus estimates, and therefore implicitly Q4 is embedded into that. Now, consensus is around – a bit lower than €2 billion in terms of sales and a bit lower than €250 million in terms of EBITA. We think that it's more or less realistic we think we can be a bit higher than that on a normalized FX scenario. So that we will implicitly give you a view on how we would be performing in Q4. Also, in terms of cash flow generation, we would expect to end the year higher than we did in last year. So, closer to our historical average. And also at the bottom line, we would be expecting very strong EPS growth all in all. So that more or less gives you a flavor on where we implicitly think might be in Q4. In relation to your second question, I think there are no relevant implications for what was obvious yesterday, just a formality on things that are being carried in in the same way for so long now. So we are just doing formality to all that, but it's nothing really changing on an underlying basis. And in relation to your third question, in terms of where we see our leverage ratio, I would say that once we replace Q4 2023 by Q4 2024 and with the current situation and the strong cash flow generation we foresee in Q4, we think we will be within the 2.5 times internal threshold that we've always mentioned. So, that's where we would be expecting to end up the year, and we would expect that deleverage trend to accelerate in full year 2025. Thank you, Javier, but on the guidance you gave to us on the 2024 numbers, this includes even an appreciation of the peso as it's currently the case in Q4? I mean, we don't have the crystal ball, but I think that, when you look at the market consensus for the forex, what you see implicitly discounting more or less is that the peso should be keeping this roughly 2% monthly devaluation in line with the  (00:24:46) impact that the government was announcing. So that's more or less the reference that we are taking. Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you. Thank you. We'll now take our next question. This is from the line of Álvaro Lenze from Alantra Equities. Please go ahead. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just on cash flow generation. This is the first Q3 that you generate cash in quite some time. I just wanted to know whether this is just due to improving or returning to normal symptoms of seasonality because normally H2 is stronger in terms of cash flow generation than the H1; or whether we should start to see positive cash flow generation also in Q1, Q2 next year, things normalizing in Latin America? Thank you. Hello, Álvaro. I think the cash flow generation in Q3 has a lot to do with what we mentioned in the presentation; strong discipline in terms of both collections and payments and also in terms of CapEx, prioritizing CapEx at all times. So, that has led us to this €63 million figure now which we think is a very positive outcome. And we expect Q4 also to be maintaining that good trend. For Q1, Q2, I mean, of course, if there's more stabilization in Latin America, that should also be helping in the sense that there should be less working capital consumption going forward. But our business is somehow seasonal in nature, and that will still remain in place. But it's a combination of all those factors that will lead us to whatever we can generate in Q1 and Q2. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.  We will now take our next question. This is from the line of Manuel Lorente Ortega from Santander. Please go ahead. Yes. Hi. Good morning. My first question is on organic revenue growth trends. We have seen a minimal deterioration on the third quarter. I was wondering whether this is just a combination of base effect or if you are, let's say, seeing something different in terms of underlying volume trends from your business. Hello, Manuel. In relation to the organic trend, yes, it has to do pretty much with the comparable base that you were mentioning. But when we look at it overall, even if we exclude Argentina, which might be distorting a bit the figures, what do we get to see at an overall level is an organic growth on a mid- to high-single digit, which is also the case in euro terms excluding Argentina. So within that, we have a very positive outcome. And that organic growth is well balanced between price and volume. So, overall, we feel that, aside from the perfect comparable base and  (00:28:28) Argentina impact, the organic trend is in very good shape. And it's also the case when you look at it on a region by region. Because when we see LATAM also excluding Argentina, it also remains at those mid-high single digits. So, it's pretty strong. Europe, we are seeing volumes stabilizing into what we deem a sustainable growth path. And in AOA, we're seeing double-digit organic growth. So, it's not only the total, but when you look at it on a regional basis, we reach the same conclusion. I see. Just to follow up on these volume dynamics. This mid- to high-single digit organic growth that you were mentioning, it is including or excluding the transformational sales? This is including everything. And so, this is total figures and just trying to match with the figures in the presentation. Okay. Excellent. And just final question probably on profitability. Obviously, there is a clear mix effect in terms of profitability from the lower weight from Argentina. But excluding that impact, can you give us an indication of what is the actual trend in terms of profitability ex-Argentina? Still, we are seeing some margin erosion because the contribution of the, let's say, ramp-up from India and other order initiatives; or it's more on a stable margin? To try to put some more light into that, I would say it's not only Argentina. So, we have the impact from the forex openings and from the Australian restructuring. So if you take those two aside and you exclude Argentina, the rest of the business is improving profitability in good shape all across the board. So, that's the trend. Okay. So, on that then, we will see some Australian restructuring to improve going forward, no, so margins will gradually improve. And I don't know about the forex openings. It will remain on the speed of those openings. But probably my question is, whether we are on the trough in terms of margins because of the combination of all these, let's say, very negative trends; or some of them will continue to bend profitability as we move to next year? In the case of Australia, the restructuring impacts will already be over. So, that should dilute for the rest of the year and will no longer be there in 2025, or a very minor impact. In the case of forex, also, the impact from the openings will be diluting towards the end of the year and we don't expect any major openings, or not at the levels that we had this year into full year 2025. And the rest of the business is in that improvement trend that we mentioned. So, all in all, when you turn that into the aggregated basis in the future, we will expect the gradual improvement in terms of EBITA margins quarter-on-quarter to remain in place. And we will expect in full year 2025 to keep bridging the gap towards where we were a couple of years back on a gradual basis. I see. Thank you. Thank you.  And there are no further questions coming through. So, I will now hand back to the speakers for closing comments. All right. So thank you, all, for taking the time to participate in our Q3 results presentation. Should you have any further queries, as usual, our investor relations team is available. And in any case, hoping to speak again in our full year results in some months. So, thank you all, and have a nice day. 
            