
            Management Discussion: Thank you. This is Pere Viñolas speaking. Good afternoon to everyone. Joining me today, as usual, is Carmina Ganyet, Chief Corporate Officer; and also Carlos Krohmer, Chief Corporate Development Officer. I also would like to start by mentioning Samuel Santacreu, Head of Investor Relations, who usually is taking a very active part in this kind of meetings. He's leaving Colonial because brighter future is waiting for him and we are so sorry about him. So, we would like to thank him publicly for his great job that he has been done in all of these years in Colonial and to thank him for this – his contribution, as you will see later on throughout the presentation. So, let's go through the presentation of the results for the first half. As usual, we like to frame, to put a framework for our results and to share with you some comments about our strategic positioning. As you know, our strategic positioning is based on two main pillars. The first pillar is our focus in prime asset class, which is delivering constantly superior growth in our cash flow generation due to its higher pricing power on the back of prime CBD. And as you can see on slide number 4, this is generating higher and higher cash flows throughout these years, and also, as you will see today, in the first half of 2025. And the second pillar of our activity is to extract maximum value of our prime asset class positioning, also through our abilities in urban transformation, in de-levering pipeline activities and new activities in the field of asset classes next to our office positioning, which are also contributing to our growth. Page 5, where do we see current trends in our markets in 2025? First of all, office demand, which is focused on high quality space, is growing. The demand is increasing. The occupiers are expanding as confidence improved after the early 2025 trade tension. This demand remains concentrated in CBD basically, and this is because occupiers prioritize well-located Grade A space and enhanced workplace quality for job retention and attraction. So, demand is increasing. Supply is not increasing. In fact, supply is shrinking. And let me mention a couple of relevant examples. In Paris, the new urban planning, known as PLUb, is set to convert more than 800 assets into residential in the next few years. In Madrid, in the last year, almost 300,000 of – square meters of office stock are to be – are being converted also in residential. So, the balance between supply and demand where we are is going in the right direction. And we would like also to add our initial thoughts on office employment and AI, which should also be benefiting from office employment for the impact of this trend in society. This is the general framework of our strategic positioning, and that is translated in our results. And our results for the first half of this year are, again, quite satisfactory. I'm on page 6 of our presentation and you can see here the main KPIs. Number one, related to cash flow, you can see a sustained cash flow growth. Net rental income is growing 6% like-for-like year-on-year. The EPRA earnings are growing 17%. Our EPRA EPS is $0.17 for the first half. That is on track with our guidance. Second angle of our results, operational performance, outperforming, very solid. Rental growth, 6%, 9% in Madrid as a specific quote. Release spread, 9% for the group, 20% in Paris. Occupancy remains at 95%. Number three, after 2022, 2023 of asset repricing, 2024 of stabilization, in this first half, we're starting to see asset values back on the growth path. Our gross asset value is growing for the first half, 4% like-for-like year-on-year. That is a new – a gross value of almost €12 billion. €12 billion. The net tangible assets growing 15% year-on-year, and our net tangible assets now at €9.6. As we will explain later, this is also impacted by certain exercises of pre-tax optimization. Including then, we are growing 1% compared to six months ago. And finally, we remain, as usual, with solid capital structure, credit rating remaining at BBB+ for S&P, Baa1 for Moody's. Loan to value on 36.6%, our financial costs remaining at the low level 1.78% at the end of the first half of this year. Slide 7 is a slide that we always like to share because we believe it speaks for itself. Here, in a picture, in a map, you can see where our assets are, where the location is. And as a result, you can see both the occupancy for all of the assets and then highlighting the rental growth, which is 7% in Paris in the first half, 9% in Madrid in the first half, 3% in Barcelona. And the maximum rent that we are signing now in Paris is €1,125, €43 per square meter per month in Madrid, €30 in Barcelona. Our prime assets, as you can see, are consolidating the recovery cycle with a strong value growth. After this profile of a cycle that went through a repricing in 2022 and 2023, we are coming back on track. And transaction market is showing signs of recovery. On this slide 8, we are sharing with you some examples of prime CBD transactions that have been happening or are about to happen recently in Paris or in Barcelona at very, I would say, normalized yields. That would be my introduction. I will come as usual at a later stage with final comments. Now, I will ask Carmina to step in to share with you our financial performance. Thank you, Pere. In this section, section two, as usual, we are going to cover the main financial KPIs with more detail. So the first one, gross rental income, basically growing on the back of core portfolio, €8 million, 4% positive growth, and as well, project delivery, 4%, additionally €7 million. These two positive impact of 8% have been mainly overcompensated the negative impact from Condorcet and Haussmann, as you know. The rent that – or the assets, the projects that are now in the project pipeline, Haussmann is going to be delivered in the second half of this year, and Condorcet will take a lot more time. So, the losses of the rents have been overcompensated for this positive growth from the core assets and as well from deposit that we have been delivered during second half, especially, of the last year. So this solid rental income, and I'm in page 11, is growing in  both our (00:09:48) markets, positively in all of the three markets, but especially highlighting Madrid and Paris, with 7% growth like-for-like from the last December 2024. As well, in the building blocks, you can see how the pricing power has all our portfolios. So, 2.2% above inflation that has been impacted in the first semester, and as well, a positive impact of 1.5% from occupancy. So pricing power again, we are repeating from the last quarter this pricing power above inflation from all our portfolio impacting in the first semester of 2.2% resulting in a very outstanding 6% like-for-like growth. If we go in page 12 about EPRA earnings, as I mentioned before, these EPRA earnings are growing on the back of a strong operation. So, strong performance from the core portfolio, €10 million. Strong performance – or positive impact from the project deliveries and acquisition, €4 million, and as well, as you know, outstanding growth of 17%. It's thanks as well to the active debt management, price management and debt improvement of €10 million positively, all of them overcompensating the negative impact that I explained before from Condorcet and Haussmann being now in the project guidance. So growth outstanding of EPRA earnings, 17%, which is a very strong growth. And in terms of EPS, I would remind you that we have been, as you know, last year, increasing the equity, 16%. So, we did the capital increase of 16% from 540 million of shares to 627 million. As you know, to reinforce the capital structure, to invest in the growth strategy in project Alpha X. But the fact that we have been increasing 16% and the fact that this growth of 17% of EPRA earnings, we could keep the cash flow per share, the EPRA EPS per share in a positive way, so remaining in the same levels, although we increased the 16% in the equity. So, we keep on track and we maintain as of today the guidance for the year end between €0.32 and €0.35 per share. In page 13, you know that every six months, we update our appraisal, our assets. You can see here the price of being updated in June 2025 has been increased 2%, almost 2%, with a rental – through positive impact. The first is the rental growth and the project delivery, €155 million, and the second also as well impact is slightly in compression, so some improvement in rates, €59 million. In the appendix, you can see – you will see the details of the appraisal yields, the valuation yields in every market, basically flat in Barcelona and slightly yield compression in Madrid and Paris of  (00:13:28) basis points. So consequently, the like-for-like growth in the valuation has remained year-on-year very positively, 4%, outstanding Madrid, 6%; Paris, 3.3%; Barcelona, 4.3%, and in the second half of the year, 2% with average standing levels of Madrid of 4%. As we like to remind you and to share with you that the second half – the first half of the year 2025 in Paris has been included in the appraisal, the impact of increasing transport tax, 50 basis points. So, as a consequence of factoring in the price of this new transfer tax in Paris that has been included, approved during the first semester, the Paris has remained positively being impacted – or being absorbed these negative impact of increasing 50 basis point on the transfer tax as well. So, consequently, year-on-year 4% growth, valuation growing, so we see a very positive trend in our appraisal as well. In terms of balance sheet, again, we maintained the investment-grade credit metrics. So, net debt €4.6 million due to the dividend under CapEx Alpha X. Still not crystallized full value from this CapEx that has been invested in the first semester. It will come on the delivery of the project. Loan to value, this is why the loan to value comes increased from 36% to 36.6%, still CapEx under Alpha X to be crystallizing valuation in the future appraisal. And we maintain this rating metrics in the investment-grade area, keeping as well solid position of liquidity covering 1.2 times the future debt maturity in the next years. In page 15, we have been – we would like to highlight or to comment as well the commitment on continually optimizing the cash flow. As you know, on the debt side, we have been very actively preserving the solid and the competitive cost of debt  (00:15:57). So, improving the cash flow from our company, from our shareholders, and we keep this low cost of debt in the range of 2%. But as well, in the first semester, we have been optimizing the tax regime in the remaining two companies in France, Champs Élysées 90 and Champs Élysées & Haussmann. They were the two subsidiaries, the only companies that still they didn't elect for this SIIC regime. And the fact that we were at the bottom of the price of December 2024, we decided to elect for the SIIC regime  to save (00:16:39) the taxes for the future on the income-producing of these assets. So, as you know, in Paris, for the election to the SIIC regime, it needs to pay a tax, an exit tax that has been – have been committed to pay in four years because the law permits you to invest, to pay this exit tax in the following four years, €67 million in exchange of the benefit, the saving in a yearly basis between €3 million and €4 million per year. So, this is a very attractive and interesting IRA investment. And thanks to this election and this optimization from the tax in terms as well on the EPS optimization, now, a full activity of Colonial in France and Spain, all of them are included in the REIT regime. And the last- in the following page, sorry, in page 16, you can see here, we show probably more details than in the previous presentations how the NTA has been moved since December 2024. So, the first point I would like to highlight, this is real estate valuation increases €0.21, so from  €9.72 (00:18:06) to additionally €0.21, and on top the EPRA EPS  adds €0.17 (00:18:14). So, the  breakeven (00:18:16) NTA valuation in terms of, I would say, real estate valuation for dividend result at – into – at a level of €10 per share, from €9.62 to €10 per share. Of course, we have been paid a dividend,  €29 (00:18:36) per share considering the treasury share, so €0.29 per share. So, the  (00:18:45) NTA after the dividend pay has been increased 1% from €9.62 to €9.71. But the fact, I've explained before, about the tax optimization, which improve the future EPS and improved the NDV, the fact that we are recognizing this exit tax to be paid in the following four years impacting the NTA, which is  (00:19:15) it's thanks to this tax optimization impact up to €9.60 per share. This is why we would like this presentation, which has been added additional more detail to explain how has been the real estate improvement on the valuation and the fact that this optimization that will come in the future value and the future growth EPS remained stable NTA. Consequently, the NDV improves from €9.45 to €9.54 because we don't have any more this capital, this tax capital gain on the assets that has been elected into the SIIC regime. So, in the future, this NDV will show no impact on the tax for these assets because all of them would be or are already under the REIT regime. Now, Carlos Krohmer will cover the following third section. Thank you very much, Carmina. Now, let's step into portfolio management. I will start with page 18. First half has been absolutely outstanding in activity, close to 90,000 square meters, one-third more than the year before. It's a clear proof that we are having the assets that is attracting the biggest share of demand in the market. If we go more granular, you cannot see it here on the page, and go quarter by quarter, first quarter 2025 was 32,000 square meters. Second quarter has been 55,000 square meters, or 22,000 square meters more, with almost double the activity in Q2 of 2025, shows not just that we are signing a lot but we are signing more. We are having an acceleration in our PBT, and this means basically that, as of today, during the first half of the year, we have signed a total activity volume of €34 million  that a just (00:21:38) partly in our P&L because this is an annualized number and we are feeding future growth. At what levels of pricing are we doing this? At the top levels. Colonial's assets are really setting the reference in the pricing. You see prices in Paris well above €1,000. Actually, we have signed €11 million of annualized rent in Paris that are on a total square meter volume of 11,000 square meters. So, on average, €1,000 per square meter. And quite some examples, well above €1,000. In Madrid, Recoletos has been signed €43 sqm/m, in Barcelona €30 sqm/m, so we are really setting the benchmark, signing at the top end of the market. Then we have another driver that is the project activity. You know we have a strong pricing power as a source of cash flow and then projects that we are delivering. So, we have here one of our flagship projects. It's Madnum, which you know quite well. It's total square meters, 60,000 square meters that has been delivered just recently. As of today, we are having already a strong activity and secured – close to secured 40,000 square meters, 22,000 square meters signed, and 18,000 square meters in very advanced negotiation or even head of terms status. So, quite strong. 70% of the total premise already with secured tenants with the huge project that just has been delivered recently. What is then also important, we are signing at rents well above our initial underwriting. Once this asset is fully stabilized, this will generate  (00:23:54) of €20 million of rents per annum with the yield of cost in excess of 8%. Let me talk on page 20 about pricing power. This is one of the most distinctive elements for prime business model. As we are in a segment where there is a very scarce supply and we are providing the best product, we have the ability to deliver on a sustainable permanent basis a significant extra growth compared to the normal CPI growth. You've seen, the section of Carmina, that our like-for-like growth was 6% in rents, whereas the CPI was 2%. So, we have beaten by 400 basis points the growth. Here, you see what we have signed year-to-date. We have signed an ERV growth of 6% in the group, so our rents are 6% higher than the reference market rent as of December 2024, 6% just in six months. It's not 12 months, it's 6 months. And we – if we compare this with the current indexation levels, the planned indexation levels of the segments where we are, we have 300 basis points in excess of the indexation that applies to the contracts in the group as of today in Madrid, even 600 basis points. So, the main message here, our business model, our assets are delivering, are providing an extra growth between 300 basis points and 400 basis points on top of inflation. Also, as a consequence, release spread has been quite strong, 9%, one of the highest in the European arena, driven particular by Paris, the 20% release spread. On the occupancy, we are remaining, I would say, at the structure very healthy level to have enough activity in order to capture this rental growth so that we have always some space available to take the upwards trend of the rents. We are at 95% more or less at this  level of 2024 (00:26:14). What I would like to highlight, if we compare with the past, is that we have things that entered into operation and that were bought last year, the Alpha X portfolio. So, if we take this out for a more comparable like-for-like perspective, the occupancy  (00:26:40) a little bit higher. It's around 97%. When we look across segments, the prime segment  (00:26:48) strongest. And then we have secondary in Barcelona 22@  which offset that Barcelona (00:26:55). We have a positive outlook, so this will gain momentum in coming quarters. Let me just fill this section with a little bit more forward-looking view, and so, page 22. Pere already mentioned this, when we look at the two biggest segments of our portfolio, what you can see is that there is a significant removal of office supply in the Paris markets, more than  close to 400 (00:27:35) assets  around 700,000 (00:27:37) square meters. This further plays in our favor, making a much better imbalance between strong demand and non-available supply. You can see the playing field of Colonial, its high-quality assets  (00:27:54). The availability today in Paris is 1%. And in Madrid, we have had a significant improvement of the availability in Madrid market  (00:28:08) for us. But there's nothing really available. We have today for the total CBD at an availability of 2.6%. If we look at the product, that is a high quality product that can service above 40 – the availability is 0.8%. So, almost non-existent. So, we have here a quite relevant business to play in Barcelona, it's not here on the page, the availability of Grade A product in the city center is 1.2%. So, also quite... A way to see also the high quality, the underlying high quality of our portfolio, if you want to get some operational KPI, an indirect way to see it is the sustainability level of our activities, we are at the top level. And just to share here on page 23, that we have been again for the third year in a row, included in a very selective narrow group across industries of climate leaders by Financial Times. So, we are part of the climate leaders 2025, in Financial Times. And with this, I'll give the floor over to Pere for the conclusive chapter, chapter number 4 on future. Thank you, Carlos. Yes. I would like to go through the last section on future growth. You know that what we are trying to accomplish as a company is the delivery of sustainable growth of cash flows based on our prime positioning in the primes in the arena and based also on our capabilities in urban transformation that allow for additional value add coming from our different initiatives and projects. And in slide 25, you can see that at the end of this first half of 2025, we again are delivering this growth, which is now 12% CAGR starting first half of 2022 until first half of 2025. If we look forward in the future how this growth behavior, how this growth profile looks like, there are several layers that should be shared or these costs. Number one, what's coming that will be coming from the urban transformation projects where we expect an impact in EPS of around €0.11. Number two, what's coming from prime asset reversion that will deliver superior cash flow growth. We are expecting, roughly speaking, €47 million in the mid-term. Number three, new initiatives, in our particular case, in the field of Science and Innovation with third-party capital. That should be adding additional €0.02, €0.03 to the EPS and, finally, what may come from our opportunistic capital recycling. These are the pillars of our future growth in our cash flow. Going more in detail about each of them, page 27, urban transformation. As you know, we are now developing a few projects, four outstanding, two in Madrid and two in Barcelona plus other ones. Madnum Project and the  large (00:32:06) renovations and what we call the Alpha X Initiative. You can see here that we will be delivering almost 90,000 square meters 2025 plus more than 100,000 square meters 2026 to 2028. And these  boats (00:32:30) that we now have out of the water, when they go back to the water, they should be contributing with, roughly speaking, €100 million of rental income. That means an additional EPRA EPS of more than €0.11, 33% of growth compared to 2004 EPRA EPS. As of today, these projects are going nicely as expected. So we are positive on their delivery for the next few years. Number two, on page 28, another driver of cash flow growth will come from the prime asset reversion. You can see here a number of examples that will generate cash flow coming from renovation programs that in the case of Paris we're talking about of more than 20,000 square meters. And here, you can see a few examples like Louvre Saint Honoré, Champs Élysées 90, or #Cloud Paris. All these could account for €47 million of additional gross rental income. Number three, page 29. You know that we started this new initiative about Science and Innovation. And recently, we announced the final execution of our agreements in this partnership with Stoneshield. It's going quite well. We signed a transaction that included an investment of around €200 million. Looking at a target levered IRR of 15%, that would mean €0.02, €0.03 of contribution to our EPRA. On the back of investing into this vertical, we are working on a short-term pipeline of €700 million of new assets under management where we could be investing in the near future. So this is another vertical of growth that is enhancing our strategy going forward. And finally, a comment on the on the cycle. Cycle, by definition, is not so easy to track or to define. But it's clear that today we are presenting a results, some results that it's clear that today we are presenting results, some results that for the first time in the last few years are showing a positive contribution from increased asset valuation after 2022 and 2023 of repricing and 2024 of bottoming and stabilization. There are increased transaction activity that are opening for – the windows, so that generates another source of value that would show up soon in the case of prime office assets and will allow for a stronger delivery of growth for Colonial for our company. This is basically the outlook for the next few years. Finally, let me share a quick comment on our progress on the merger between Colonial and SFL. We are on the final stages for the creation of this Pan-European platform. The calendar has been going through the different milestones without any negative remark. As of today, at the end of the first half of 2025, the general shareholders meeting of both Colonial and SFL have already approved the merger. As we speak, we are going through the completion of the final regulatory stages, no pending open issue as of today. Therefore, our expectation is that the merger will be finally executed and the listing of SFL will be taking place probably at the beginning of the last quarter of this year. So the Colonial SFL as a Pan-European platform will start to operate in the last quarter of this year. Final comments just to wrap up on everything we showed you today. Basically, we are happy with the results. As you know, we've been on a strong delivery of cash flow growth for a few years already. A double-digit year-on-year earnings growth has been with us for a number of years. And this time, we also see asset revaluation coming along. So, the two value drivers are becoming positive. And this cash flow growth is because ordinary course of business is going very well. You've seen a fantastic commercial leasing and commercial activity, rental activity, a huge increase compared to last year. This is very important because these stocks, this says a lot, not only about the past but also and, more importantly, about the future. You feel that it's not only commercial activity, it's rental growth well above inflation with a fantastic like-for-likes, occupancy that is strong and then a fantastic management of our debt structure, which is super reduced cost that remains with us for the last two years and for the next few years. Over piece together means that we can enjoy, again, a fantastic breakfast in terms of operational activity. And in other words, in terms of growth. Looking ahead, we shared with you the different sources of growth profile that will be coming with us in the next years. More than €150 million of future rents through new pipeline and direction. And as said, given transformation growth strategy through the science and innovation initiative with third party capital, and the opportunistic capital allocation that can come further. As a final comment, we remain on track with our guidance for strong ongoing growth. The like-for-like revenue growth in line with previous years, a strong EPRA EPS CAGR growth for the next two years and short-term EPRA EPS to remain in the range of 32 to 35 as we've been disclosing recently. With this, I will end my presentation. Thank you for your attention. And now, as usual, we are open to any questions or comments you may have. Thank you. 
            Questions and Answers: Ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now.  We now move on to the next question, to the first question coming from Valerie Jacob. Please go ahead with your question. Hello. Good evening. So thank you for the presentation. I've got a quick question, if I may. The first one is on your guidance you had a strong first quarter and your and you gave earlier this show is quite wide. So I was wondering if there was a reason why you didn't now arrange to the top of the guidance. And if there is anything specific we should know for H2 or if you're just being conservative. That's my first question. My second question is on the tax optimization that you did. I'm not sure I understand, because if I look at the savings versus the €67 million you spend, it's a yield of 5%. So that doesn't look very attractive compared to the other opportunity that's, you know, you're showing on page 26 or investing in your own shares. So I was just wondering if you could, you know, give us some explanation of the rationale or why you think, you know, it's the best use of this money. And my last question is on Barcelona. You've had some negative reversion and you still have some space to let. So I was wondering if you could give us an update on what's going on in Barcelona. Thank you so much. Thank you. I will cover question number one. Carmina will cover question number two. And Carlos will cover question number three. Now, on the guidance, we prefer to remain  prudent (00:42:57) as of today. It's true that if you look at the results for the first half, they are pointing more at the upper end of the range of the guidance, not at the lower end. But as of now, we remain with the guidance of €32 million to €35 million. I would say that if I had to provide a comment, we'd be more confident in the upper range than in the lower range. But with, let's say, the six months ahead, we prefer to remain with this range of guidance for 2025. On the facts of the innovation story, Carmina. Yes, on the on the facts, different angles. So, the first one is that these companies have in the  NBE (00:43:50) recognized as well in the balance sheet are tax capital gain, tax liability on the on the implied capital gain on the on those assets. What are these amount or what was this amount on the latent capital gain taxable, it was €90 million. So, the way that we choose now, this is something that we're monitoring very closely. The way that we have choose now the election for those companies, for those assets, it's because the valuation based or the election based on the appraisal of December 2024, it was at the bottom of the level, of the appraisal. So, it means that now we have been a positive growth on those assets. In the future, will come additional value. So the fact that we chose the right, we believe that we choose the right moment. And why is, why we believe that this is the right application of this of these money or this cash, because basically the corporate income tax attached to those assets, it was €90 million. And paying now €66 million, so we saved €30 million value for our shares. So we optimized more than €30 million. And on top, we have expected even a yearly basis expected in a yearly basis €3 million, €4 million, €5 million saving in tax. So it's like  (00:45:24) having an investment of a high-double-digit IRR. This is why the rationale behind this election and this decision. Thank you. That's very clear. I will take the last question. Just to add also some point to what Carmina said, so if you take €4 million of running savings or €5 million of running savings on the money invested is a yield on this investment of 6% to 7%, at least without taking the rental growth that these assets could have. On the release spread, in Barcelona, it was 1.7%, slightly negative. This is basically that in the first half there have been some contracts of our  (00:46:15) exposure in secondary area  (00:46:22) is also at the moment a little bit weaker and therefore there has been this negative release spread. Also the rent in Spain had gone up much quicker than in  (00:46:33). All in all, in the prime, we are performing well. And as I said, going forward, we have a positive opinion on Barcelona and we see the future evolution of the market with our product positioned there as an opportunity more than as a threat. Thank you. Next question, Véronique Meertens. Please go ahead. Hi. Good evening, all. Thank you very much for taking my questions and the presentation. Maybe first on the Stoneshield transaction, and I appreciate that you mentioned that there are over 250 accounts that you've done outreach to, several investors already in due diligence. But could you give slightly more color on how far you are in those processes and how confident you are that you will be able to announce something before the end of the year? Because I believe in the previous presentation, you did mention that you were not intending to consolidate as well. So, I'm hoping to get some additional color here. Thank you, Véronique. Yes, we are working on several conversations with several investors. As of now, we are in the advanced stages of discussions, meaning due diligence, work with the lawyers, structuring and so on. I would say that our central scenario would be, first, closing with new investors stepping in on the last quarter of this year and also on the back of certain additional pipeline opportunities that could come for the last quarter of this year. Before that, we don't see anything in particular happening. Okay. That's clear. Thank you. Thank you, Véronique. And then maybe on – you mentioned capital recycling or  (00:48:50) opportunities. Obviously, we've seen you already make some investments, but you mentioned that the market is opening up. I think there were also some market news articles on Colonial, potentially, being in the market. Is selling lower yielding assets clearly more top of mind? Are there more interesting opportunities at the moment and more buyers knocking at your door? Yes. I think that what we can see across Europe, in general, is that if we concentrate on the prime CBD, the market is there meaning that investors are there. What has a question mark is if the sellers are there or the product is there. For example, as of today in Spain, I would say that it's difficult to invest because of the lack of opportunities in prime CBD. In our case, we may do both things. We may be selling and buying. We are going through discussions or through a process of disposals or deferred disposals in France. And also, we may consider disposing practically of some of the residential in Spain. At the same time, we are looking at investment opportunities in our local markets. So I would say that by now we don't have yet a clear positioning for the short term because will depend on individual opportunities. But certainly, we see the market more open for prime CBD both in Spain, France and, of course, Europe in general. Okay. Thank you. And maybe one follow-up because you mentioned you're exploring the local markets. I think it was last year where you mentioned a couple of times that maybe exploring in different markets was also an option. But that's now not really a top of mind? No, no. It is, it is. We remain very open to investment opportunities outside our core markets. But of course, going through the normal process of carefully assessing the investment opportunities that may be out there. So by definition, yes, we will always have a look at investment opportunities, of course, in France and Spain. But we do not exclude investment opportunities in other countries. Okay. That's clear. Thank you very much. Next question, Anna Escalante. Please go ahead. I have two questions. The first one is on your  efficacy (00:51:49) rate for offices that has gone up slightly due to the delivery of some of the projects. I was wondering, what's the state of that vacancy rate as of now in July? Is that taking into account some of the leasing that you've done in Madnum or not yet? And would you expect that trending towards the end of the year based on your ongoing discussions with tenants? And the second question is on the agreement of the joint venture with Stoneshield. You say that you have some quite robust discussions in terms of third-party capital. Maybe if you could share – of course, with respect in the confidentiality but what type of investors are looking at these? And also, in the context of improving real estate investment markets across Europe, to what extent you see there will be appetite to do both or in terms of Paris offices and also this type of assets, whether the third party looking at this is the same or there are some differences across the investors that they are looking to invest in the two types of assets, let's call it that way, the prime assets you own and the assets that will fall into this joint venture. Yes. I would go through the second question, Anna, and then maybe Carlos can step in with your first question. Look, as of now, we are in advanced discussions with potential investors but, at the same time, still maybe too soon to provide additional color. What I could say as of today is, first of all, high-quality names, names that anyone would be comfortable with. So, that's the first comment. The second comment, these kind of investors are sharing our views on this particular adventure of the – our joint venture with Stoneshield. So, we believe that there is an opportunity for those sectors and companies operating in those sectors that have a particular profile for growth on the back of innovation and science. And also that because of this activity, this allows for a certain relationship with the landlord that goes beyond the typical real estate relationship, provides a more kind of a long-term relationship with value-added content and a higher stickiness, let's put it this way, and all of these providing both higher returns and higher growth. And so, as of today, I would say that the investors we are talking to are buying into this story. It's also the story they liked. And as I said at the beginning, they're basically good names. We expect that by the end of this year, the last quarter, we will have more clarity. And by the way, the other thing that to highlight is that this is already going beyond the Spanish, let's say, borders. Spain is a fantastic place to be because it's the highest-growing economy in Europe today. But a pan-European approach  (00:55:38) initiative is also the strategic bet that these investors are taking. But we are satisfied with where we are. Hopefully, by the end of the year, we could – we'll be able to be more specific. Carlos, if you could step in and comment with the EPRA vacancy rates? Yeah. The EPRA vacancy rate got a little bit of movement in Madrid. Actually, we are talking about we had the March 26,600 square meters available. Now, we have 27,200. So, a movement of 600 square meters, a little bit more availability. So, typical activity of little bit of rotation. It's a good asset, sometimes people change, and we see this more as an opportunity. On the other side, all of the head of terms and advanced negotiations that we have in Madnum are contracts that will come in the coming months and that are more part today of the occupied space. So, we have already today secured a very relevant chunk of current availability. But the slight movement, the slight uptick of 600 square meters that are  more over located (00:57:01) in a very good location, we see this more as an opportunity to then  (00:57:08). Thank you. And maybe as a follow-up to the – to my second question there, one that Pere answered. Could you please remind us what's the expectation that you have from the investment in the joint venture with Stoneshield in EPS for 2027, 2028? I think that's the guidance that you provided earlier. No, Ana,  (00:57:35) as we said, we have an expected EPS in the range of €0.03 per share. But then, of course, it will be subject timely and by plan, et cetera. And also, the business plan, it is the expectation that it's included as well in the growth strategy and the growth avenues that we have. Thank you. Next question, Pierre-Emmanuel Clouard. Please go ahead. Yes. Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. So, I have several questions. So, the first one was on France. So, I see that when I'm looking at the REIT part of the  (00:58:28) yesterday, the GRI is up 1% year-on-year, but you are saying that it's actually down 3%. So, is there anything that we should have in mind that could explain the difference? And just to fully understand the figures, so you have a 6% like-for-like growth in Paris, but your GRI is down 3%. So, is it fully attributable to the rent lost due to tenant vacating and assets being put into a strategic vacancy in H1? And if we cannot add the amount of rent it represents, it would be useful. Carlos, would you like to take this one? I'm not really sure if I understand clearly the question. I think it's a very detailed technical question, and I have now not here with me the  (00:59:23) presentation yesterday. I would suggest you can just clear this in a separate technical call. I don't have  (00:59:31). Okay. No problem.   (00:59:34) The second one is on Barcelona. Just to understand, can you explain a 2.3% like-for-like value growth when the release spread has been negative by 2% and the like-for-like growth actually zero. And if I'm not mistaken, there has not been – there's not been any  year-on-year compression (00:59:57) in the city, so how can we explain the value increase? Because the value increase is basically what is the driver is the market  rents (01:00:10), not the release spreads. Please keep in mind also that the release spread is a very limited part of the commercial activities only that contracts where there have been a renewal that have been affected. And when you look in general at the yearly growth of the portfolio of Barcelona, the  (01:00:35) growth year-to-date is 3% just in six months. So, it's a healthy growth. And then moreover, as you know, we are also progressing, and quite successfully, with the projects, in one of the projects which in Barcelona, and that we had here and there minor refurbs. So, it's fundamentally driven. The release spread, as I mentioned, is especially affected this first half by contracts that have been one of them in  (01:01:15), another one in 22@, but it represents a super tiny part of our portfolio in the city of Barcelona, so it's not really truly representative. And what really counts is the  year-over-year withdrawals (01:01:33) that really affects much broader part of our activity and this is the reason. Okay. And the final one is on the capital allocation. So, I see the chart. EPRA LTV is up to 45% today. So, can we have in mind the CapEx that you are planning to spend in 2025 and 2026 in million euros? Yes. So, as you remind, our project pipeline has roughly a CapEx deployment of €360 million. What we expect in terms of the project pipeline  (01:02:34) Madnum is basically finished, roughly an amount of €70 million of pending CapEx. For 2025, we have incurred year-to-date €30 million and something in the range of €140 million for 2026. Okay. And if we include everything, so the refurbishment CapEx not only the pure pipeline projects, plus Stoneshield, what will be the amount of total CapEx to be spent? This additional  fee (01:03:20) I have not with me. I would include it together with the other question that you have on the  (01:03:26). Okay. Thank you very much. Next question, Michael Finn. Please go ahead. Yes. Hi there. My first question is on the asset in Barcelona that was finished recently, called the Diagonal 197. I believe at the first quarter it was mentioned that there may be a tenant for that building. And I was expecting it to maybe be in the press today. But I'm just curious if you have any update on that. And my second question is based on the  France fund (01:04:16). In the presentation in April, you mentioned, I believe, eight different cities. And now, I'm just curious which cities are currently screening as the best,  certainly (01:04:29) it seem that it is the three cities included on page 29. Yeah, any other details there would be great. Thank you. Yes. I could not follow the second question, maybe Carlos could answer better. On the first part, no, at this moment, we don't have additional progress on Diagonal 197,  (01:04:58) visibility that they don't have additional progress yet. So, still, let's say we are where we were, and last time we talked about this. The second one, Carlos, maybe you can answer better. Sorry. The second one I did not get it  correctly (01:05:16). What was the second question? Yeah. The second part is out of the eight cities that were in the press back in April, I'm just curious which ones now screen as being the best ones. Which ones  (01:05:35) which ones do you feel will be the first target?   (01:05:43) Well, I think this is very much opportunity  (01:05:52). This is not today not so easy to define. If I can add something, Carlos, as you are saying, very opportunistic, very driven by individual opportunities. If I may say something, recently in our core markets, Paris, and particularly, in Madrid, are showing super strong performance. Looking at our, let's say, long-term experience in these markets the way we see them recently, particularly in Madrid, I would say it's outstanding. Okay, okay. Again, thank you. Next question, Jonathan Kownator. Please go ahead. Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. One question on leasing, please. Obviously, you highlight quite a positive environment particularly from Madrid and Paris.  Beyond (01:07:06), you have quite a number of letting challenges or upcoming projects to be delivered. Can you share, perhaps, with us any interest already for these projects? Obviously, you've got the, I think, Scope project for 2026 in Paris. Do you have already conversations on these projects? Thank you. Maybe, Pere, if I start, I think the first very clear case study to this is that you're seeing, when you look at Madnum, it's a large project, 60,000 square meters, super, super large.  (01:07:52) has been delivered, and we are today 20,000 square meters left as net and close to another 20,000 in very advanced conversations, so almost 40,000 square meters secured. So, this is a perfect case study to show that our product really is attracting the market. On the Project X pipeline, you know that this is a little bit more mid-term in terms of delivery, more back-end driven. So, it's a little bit early. Typically, the commercial activity starts when you start to see and to have a little bit of look and feel. First one that will come into this situation, into this phase is Scope. Scope, probably, the marketing commercial activity will start somewhere around the second half of this year, but it's already generating by positive momentum in the market. So, we really believe that our product is attracting sufficiently, will attract  (01:09:08). We are positive and the first of the assets that we come close to such a phase where this starts to  (01:09:18).   (01:09:23) The other one is later – is more later in December. Yes. If I may add something, Carlos, yes, you say, Scope is the first one. We are starting commercial activities, as Carlos was saying, now in the second half. We are prioritizing a multi-tenant strategy for this one, and we'll have more color by the end of the year. On the other three, as you know, there's one in Barcelona that has already the tenant in place, which is the Sanofi – sorry, not Sanofi, the Sanitas one, which is already identified in Sancho de Ávila. On the Santa Hortensia one, the only thing that I can say is that here we are giving higher priority to a definition of this project more on the living segment, including the student housing and other kind of users. And we've had a huge, huge attraction or interest coming from the established operators in this segment. They believe that this site could be outstanding. And finally, in the case of Condorcet, yes, it's long term as of today. Too soon to provide any additional color on this one. Okay. Thank you. And just on the Stoneshield project, obviously, I think you had also some leasing challenges of assets to least there. Are you able to provide any update on that, please? Can you repeat, Jonathan, because we could not follow you exactly? Yeah. The question was the same question on Stoneshield, whether on the  (01:11:27) innovation assets, whether you were already leasing in a market and whether you had any discussions already on these assets. Obviously, the – nothing that the yield that you gave originally was a target yield that the assets would be finished. So, just trying to gouge interest already for these assets. Thanks. Yes. Yes. Jonathan, this is Carmina. Yes, we are. So, we have a very interesting  on both teams (01:11:55). We are working together in a very interesting pipeline. But these sort of investment phases, and this is the main reason that we have, and some of them, I would say deeper conversation and some of them with some exclusivity. It's led – we have said that the strategy of triple net lease strategy, long-term contracts, BBB names as a corporate credit metrics, with an spread between 400 bps, 300 above the risk-free rates attached to this corporate rate. What does it mean in reality is that we expect stabilized yields at 6.5%, and in some cases, at 7% stabilized yields with some contracts, and we expect that the target of leveraged ARR of 15%. So, there are these kind of approach and investment opportunity that we are analyzing, and of course, would see if we succeed or not, but this is the investment thesis and the conversations we are having in some of the opportunities. Okay. Thank you. I understand that there are no more questions. Okay. We have one more question. We do. We have a question from Fernando Abril. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hello. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Two quick ones, please. So first, on the renovation program in prime Paris, what would be the needed CapEx for this program and also timing expectations for this plan to capture these  (01:14:05)? I don't know if you mentioned this. And second, a P&L question, is basically, the overheads line opportunities line. I've seen it is up from 6% in H1, but it is also up 20% in the last couple of years. I don't know if you've had some one-offs or do you think this is a fair assumption for the overheads line for the next few years. Thank you. I'll take the one on the renovations. There's always a little bit of rotation in the assets and then some renovation program opportunities. I would say, as you know, from the past, these are in Paris terms. I'm talking about Paris KPIs of spending minor activities  or minor means, maybe €1,500 (01:15:04) per square meter. Sometimes, if it's a little bit more ambitious, a little bit more, but this is a little bit the range is not like the Project X full refurbishments. They always have had a very, very interesting payoff because you then really get a significant, very significant uplift in rents that is not fully reflected in the reversion. The reversion is that today's ERV, typically when you do such a renovation program, you do it to get an extra premium to convert the space in an even better one. In terms of timing, I would say the one that will come a little bit more in the shorter term because we are benefiting from finalizing also the Cartier premises and then we have done some things on the entry hall or the office part is the Louvre building. And they are part of the things that have been done in the last quarters have been really fantastic, with a significant pick up in rent. So, the Louvre part is maybe the one that will come more in the shorter term in the timeframe of between 12 and 18 months. And the others will then come, more progress, actually. But it has typically a very, very – a super high payoff in terms of underlying extra rents that we get compared to the marginal CapEx to be put on. And Fernando, on the overheads, I'm not sure if I understood which kind of series of data you're looking at. But basically, the main impacts on the overheads is  one shot (01:16:53) is about what the cost or the fees and the advisory that we have been incurred with – to cross-border measure with the  success (01:17:11). You know that during the last two years, we have been working with the regulator, with the tax administration, with some, let's say, analysis as well on the independent experts, as well restructuring part of the organization. So, this means that this is one short cost in the overheads that has impacted between 2024 and 2025. But the rest, it's organic the same level that we had in the previous years. But it's true that during the last years, a lot of efforts and I would say cost attached to the restructuring reorganization and cross-border measure. Okay. Thank you, Carmina. There are no further questions. Therefore, I give back the floor to Mr. Pere Viñolas. You have the floor. So, I want to thank you all for your attention. I think that again, we are happy to be sharing with you a nice trend in the performance of this company, of Colonial SFL. Hopefully, very soon, we'll be able to share more of this with you. So, nothing more on my side. Thank you very much for your attention and have a fantastic day. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
            