
            Management Discussion: And welcome to the Costain Group Plc Investor Q&A Session. Throughout the recorded session, investors will be in listen-only mode. Questions are encouraged and can be submitted at any time. Just find the Q&A tab sitting at the right corner of your screen. Simply type in your questions and press send. The company may not be in a position to answer every question it receives during the meeting itself. However, the company can view the questions submitted today. And perhaps responses where it is appropriate to do so. Before we begin, I'd like to submit the following poll. I'd now like to hand you over to Paul Sharma, Director of Investor Relations. Good morning to you, sir. Good morning. Thank you very much, indeed. And thank you for the Investor Meet people for setting up this call, as always. With me, we have Alex Vaughan, our CEO; and Helen Willis, our CFO. Before we start though, I would like to draw your attention to slide 2, which is the forward-looking statement. This is on the RNS and is also on the presentation. We did do a full presentation just yesterday, it's on our website, so please have a look at that. We won't be going through the presentation this morning we went through yesterday. So, take a good look at that. It's good. And now, let's pass over to Alex for some introductory comments. Alex? Yeah. Thank you, Paul. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join us this morning. And we look forward to answering the questions that you might have. Look, we were very pleased to be able to announce a good set of results for the company last – yesterday. Three things I think I'd draw your attention to. Firstly, it's another strong financial performance for the company. Building on that over the past four years, an increase in the adjusted operating profit. And then – and growth in the margins, again in line with the targets that we've set out. Obviously, adjusted EPS was up strongly. And the cash and balance sheet position of the business remains very strong. So, a really solid set of financial numbers for 2024. Looking forward for the business, we were really delighted that we've had a really good year, and we secured a record increase of about £1.5 billion to the high-quality forward work position. We've now got forward work position of £5.4 billion and that's over four years' worth of revenue. We've had quite a number of wins and extensions in the year. We're getting a lot of growth on the frameworks that we are already operating on. And as we sit here today, we've got very high volumes of tendering activity, and we look forward to announcing further progress through this year. What we've done is given everyone confidence in the growth of the business by indicating that there will be a step change in revenues and operating profits in 2027, building on the position that we've now secured. And then the third thing is very clearly our strategy is delivering growth for the business and value upside for investors, where we're growing in what are growing markets, we're broadening our customer base, broadening the services that we offer. And as a result of the board's confidence in growth prospects of the business and the strength of our balance sheet, we were able to double the dividend. So, that's where I'd go in terms of an introduction, Paul. Perhaps we can get to some of the questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Great. Thank you. We've got a question. Pre-submitted questions, I think, from  Matt (00:13:29). So,  (00:13:29) through, if that's okay. So, the first one is, do you feel Costain will be able to continue to grow, bear in mind the effects of budget from last October, once – wouldn't do that well by something in the market? Yeah. Look, from my point of view, as we've set out in the results statement, we certainly see huge opportunities to grow. If I look at investment across our markets, in transport, we've got the HS2 contract that's going to continue for at least another five years. And together with two major new wins on that contract for the next phases. So, that's going to keep us pretty busy. Water is just about embarking on a record level of investment, and Costain, we've secured strong positions for all of the major water companies, and that's going to proceed over the next five years. And then actually, if you look at the five-year spending plan beyond that, it's going to grow. It's going to grow again. Energy, we can all see the significant investment that's needed in energy and Costain is really well placed to take advantage of that marketplace. And then, Defense, look, unfortunately, the world, there's a little bit more of a challenging space. So, investment is being made. And we see that continuing. So, and if I look at it, actually the majority of investment in infrastructure comes from the private sector through regulated or private spend. And we see that coming through and we've won a lot of positions to take advantage of that. And we see the government having to spend in critical transport infrastructure to unlock growth, which is obviously their number one priority. Oh, this is one, I think – well, certainly for Helen. Can you give an update on the progress regarding the de-risking of the pension scheme via buyouts, et cetera? Yeah. Good morning. Thank you. So, the pension scheme is in a much healthier place than it was a number of years ago. You can see on the balance sheet, it's an accounting surplus. But when it comes to our ability to reduce contributions and so on to the scheme, it's the actuarial surplus that is key. We had a – in our last triennial valuation, we agreed an annual check. We carried that annual check out last March. And that showed we were in actuarial surplus. And we were able to pause our cash contributions and also our dividend matching. And that gave us the optionality to do something additional. And we chose to make a share buyback that you saw in the autumn of last year. So, we have another annual check this March, the end of this March. And we'll hear about it in June. And depending on the outcome of that, we may again have optionality to increase the dividend especially or a buyback, but of course, we have to consider the cash flow in the business at that time, and the share price at that time. So, I'm hopeful that we will have some choices to make there. The pension fund is in an increasingly good shape. And we are working with our trustees to think about possible other structural changes. There's some options coming up for us. And this is also another Helen one. Exceptional items in the second half were £9.6 million. This obviously impacts your earnings, and so therefore, your PE rating. So, what exceptionals likely to be in 2025? The exceptionals in 2024 were around about £5 million for the last year of our transformation program, that was a three-year program. There won't be any of those costs going into 2025. We are now moving into a period of what we're calling business as usual. So, we're continuing to change the business, but we won't be putting any of those costs into exceptionals. You will probably see some modest CapEx coming through in the next few years as we start to invest in systems. So, I would anticipate minimal exceptionals going forward. This is probably sort of another Helen one, some of this.  (00:17:37) already closed. How confident are you in maintaining a progressive dividend given potential economic headwinds? So, we are confident. We've been cautiously moving into dividend. When we started again in FY 2023, and you can see that progress in 2024. Our plans show growth as we've been talking about. And Alex was bringing to life just now. And that growth in operating profit is cash generative, or our free cash flow will continue to be strong. Our balance sheet is ever stronger. And so, we really are confident that we can modestly move to our dividend policy over time. This is one for Alex, from  Anthony D (00:18:28). Will the transport division sales in 2025 benefit from delays in 2024 on top of any normal expected growth? So, you know, with some products moving to right, what would 2025 revenue look like for transportation. Look, I don't think – you won't see a recovery straight away in 2025. Infrastructure takes a long time for us to design. So, we're working on a couple of new highway schemes at the moment, but we're in the early stages of design. And if we've learned anything in the successful delivery of infrastructure, it is to prioritize more time to design the solution, and get the planning agreed, and get that before we go to site. So, certainly, it'll be sort of 2026, 2027 when we're going to see the transportation numbers start to move up. This is one for Alex, from  Chris G (00:19:24). How does the change in green policy away from net zero altered to energy supply, BP and Shell affect Costain's relationship with them and the profitability of this kind of future market? Yeah.  Chris (00:19:38), it's a good question. I think energy is a sort of ever-changing space. What we know is that we have to decarbonize our energy system, and that's certainly what the Climate Change Committee have set out for the UK. It's what the UK government is committed to and driving. And therefore, Costain is actively involved in a large number of areas. Certainly, with BP, we're involved both for the carbon capture and hydrogen, and BP are committed to that project, and that is funded by the UK government, because it's really a first of a kind program. And so, that is being pushed and that's all about decarbonizing industrial clusters. What we're also looking to work with National Grid on the Great Grid Upgrade, because electrification is going to become a big part. We announced recently a win for Sizewell C where we're providing project management support. And we all know there's going to be a huge nuclear investment in Sizewell. So, look, it's an ever-increasing changing space, but we're well placed to take advantage of what's going to happen in that market. Clearly, some of our customers are subject to global business strategies, which are different from our current government strategy. This is probably related for the both of you. So,  Andrew N (00:21:04). How much of the forward work position is contracted versus preferred bidder status and what risks are there with contracts moving effectively from the preferred bidder on to the order book? Shall I take the first part? You can take the first, Helen. Yeah. And then, you can. Yeah. So, there is a slide in the presentation that you could refer to slide 15. But the forward work position of £5.4 billion is broken down as a £2.9 billion of order book and £2.5 billion of preferred bidder. And the preferred bidder is really where the framework contracts are. And as we get works orders and those timings and values are firmed up, they will move into the order book, so that you will always see a progression from the preferred bidder into the order book. The nature of all of our work in both of those parts is a much better risk profile than perhaps in years gone by. There were no fixed price lump-sum contracts in there, and the risk profile of it is very much one that we are happy with and feel we can manage. Alex, don't you want to go... Yeah. Look, I think,  Andrew (00:22:11), coming back to sort of the conversion rates or preferred bidder, that will definitely flow. So, our customers, if I take – if I give you, here's an example of a water customer, they will have regulatory outcomes that they have to meet. And if they don't meet those, there will be penalties and also a clawback on the investment that they've been given. So, they will definitely have to spend that money. We've been allocated that work, so the reason we put it in preferred bidder is because we've been given and allocated that, but we've got to develop the solution with them, and we've got to agree the final price with them. And that will definitely come in, and it will happen over that five-year period for that framework. And we've got a track record of all of that preferred bidder. And the reason it is preferred bidder is because we've been awarded that contract and we're just working through the customer on the precise scope and timing of that investment. The next one, actually, I think, I want to do this one. I'm going to repeat, it's reference to step change in 2027 margins, being the way you quantify at the stage. So, this is from  Chris G (00:23:17). So, the adjusted operating profit for 2024 was £43.1 million. Consensus, we're collecting at the moment, but looking at the numbers from the analysts, and there's couple of more to come. And we probably should be about £46 million adjusted EBIT for 2025. Probably about £50 million adjusted EBIT for 2026. And then, £60 million adjusted EBIT for 2027. So,  Chris (00:23:40), that's where the big jump comes. And the reason for that is if you look  (00:23:44-00:24:09) The next one is from  George W (00:24:09). Are there any notable upcoming contract renewals or new projects in transportation, water defense that can significantly impact the order books? As well as, where is the new order going to come from in 2025, 2026? Well,  George (00:24:26), we certainly see opportunities coming in roads. And we're in discussions on those. So, we look forward to being able to take those through. I think most of the work in water we've now secured, that's going to really affect the business. But there are – there are wider opportunities like some of the reservoir opportunities that we're talking to customers about at the moment. But that water really is now unlocking work from those frameworks. It's exactly just the five-year program we have with Heathrow Airport, water, transport for London, those customers. It's about now unlocking that spend from those frameworks and getting it on the ground. The next question is about the 5% of operating margin target. How will you get there? Will that be from new work or from efficiencies? So, I'm going to take that. So, with the targets that we put out into the market in the sort of fairly short-term were 3.5% during FY 2024, 4.5% during FY 2025. And a way to think about that wording is that the second half margin would meet those targets. Clearly, we did pretty well in FY 2024, so we had 4.4% in the second half of 2024. And that certainly gives us a good platform and confidence to reach the 4.5% during FY 2025. We've talked about 5% as an ambition. So, that very much is in the medium-term. And we continue to drive the business very hard. So, there are a number of layers that contribute to this gradual improvement in margin. Really, it's – a lot of it is coming from our construction work, which is the largest part of the business. And that's about winning the right kind of work at the right conditions, right terms and conditions and driving performance really tightly. And you see that really pushing the margin up already. We've also been controlling our costs. There is a little bit that comes in from service mix as well as we do more consultancy. That adds sort of icing on top of the cake. And of course, as we grow, you get operating leverage as well. So, it's all of those things contributing to that gradual margin progression, but we're really confident to reach that next target for FY 2025. And one from  John H (00:26:51). So, infrastructure related companies have seen a problem in rail, have you seen that? And how do you see rail panning out over the next few years? Yeah. Look, you've noticed some of those businesses that's been affected. I think one of the things that we've really made a strength in Costain is the ability to move people around the business. So, we don't have people who are only rail specialists. We're able to move people around the business, which helps us be ambidextrous in how we grow and resource the business. But when we embarked, when we looked at CP7, we didn't anticipate a significant investment in the areas that Costain has a strength. Our capability is really being around overhead line electrification enhancements to the rail system, system and stations. So, we certainly see CP8 as a bigger target. So, as a result of that, we're not affected by some of the slowdown in rail spend in this five-year period, but we certainly see big opportunities for us in the next five-year period, which is – which is exciting. But, I think our ability to have people that can move around the business, which means as water grows, as energy grows, as HS2 grows and others, those contracts, we're able to move people around and support the growth of this business, which is great. And I think that's all the questions for now. So, Alessandro, I think I can hand back to you if that's okay. Perfect. Thank you very much for answering those questions from investors. Of course, the company can review the questions submitted today and we will publish the response out in the Investor Meet Company platform. Just before redirecting investors, which is very important to the company. Alex, could I just ask you for a few closing comments? Yes. Look, and thanks again for taking the time to join us this morning and for your questions. And look, if you ever have any questions, Paul's e-mail is very easy to get hold of, so don't hesitate to e-mail him. Look, we're very positive about the forward direction of the business, the progress that we made. There's a significant investment in UK infrastructure being made to safeguard the UK's future. It's all about building a more prosperous UK, a more resilient UK, and decarbonized UK. And Costain is going to be forefront in ensuring that we deliver the solutions to unlock that future. So, thank you very much. See you soon. Alex, Helen, Paul, thank you very much for updating us today. Could I please ask investors not to close the session as you will now be automatically redirected to provide your feedback in order that the management team can better understand your views and expectations. On behalf of the management team of Costain Group Plc, we'd like to thank you for attending today's presentation. 
            