
            Management Discussion: Good morning and welcome to the Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings Plc Investor Presentation. Throughout this recorded presentation, investors will be in listen-only mode. Questions are encouraged and they can be submitted at any time using the Q&A tab situated on the right hand corner of your screen. Simply type in your questions and press send. The company may not be in a position to answer every question received during the meeting itself. However, the company can review all your questions submitted today and publish responses where it is appropriate to do so. Before we begin, I would like to submit the following poll. And I would now like to hand you over to CEO, Chris Walters. Good morning to you. Thank you, Alex. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to the online presentation of our 2025 interim results for the six months to March 29, 2025, including an update on the strategic progress we're making in key markets and an outlook for the business. I'm Chris Walters, Chief Executive. And I'm joined by colleagues, Sally Millen, Director of Finance; and Chris Webster, Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, I'm requiring you refer to our updated disclaimer and note that the presentation includes forward-looking statements based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. I'm pleased to present here our first-half highlights, noting that this is our first investor presentation as Chesterfield Special Holdings Plc, reflecting the company name change from Pressure Technologies in March and following the successful sale of the PMC division last October. Financial performance in the first half of the year reflects the phasing of newbuild contract milestones for defense and hydrogen projects, which are weighted heavily towards the second half of the year and the deployment schedule for our Integrity Management services. However, strong intake during the first half of the year since March supports a strong second half revenue of more than double first half performance and a return to full year adjusted EBITDA profitability. Several strategically significant orders were secured from overseas defense customers in the first half across surface ship, submarine newbuild programs for the Royal Canadian, US and Spanish Navies, and the outlook remains strong for the defense sector, noting yesterday's positive announcement on the UK Strategic Defence Review. In March, we were pleased to announce our first contract award for large scale hydrogen storage systems for the bp Aberdeen Hydrogen Hub project. We've also secured orders for high-pressure hydrogen storage systems for European refueling station customers during the first half of the year, while a major UK HAR1 contract award, previously anticipated in the first half of the year, is now expected in the fourth calendar quarter. Our high-value, Integrity Management lifecycle support services continue to go from strength to strength, with record performance expected for the full year, driven primarily by UK naval deployments. So first half broadly as expected; the full year remains on track; good strategic progress being made. Here is an overview of today's presentation. In the first section, we'll cover the FY 2025 interim results and financial highlights. We'll then summarize our growth strategy and midterm targets to 2028 as first set out in February this year alongside our 2024 full year results. We'll then provide more detail on the progress being made against our FY 2025 objectives in defense and hydrogen sectors and in Integrity Management services. We'll then summarize and provide an outlook for the full year. Sally, Chris and I will then be pleased to answer your questions, both submitted in advance and during the presentation. Okay. I'm now going to hand over to Sally to cover the financial highlights. Thank you, Chris. So, this slide presents the financial results of the continuing operations of CSC and central plc functions comparing the FY 2024 first half year results on a like-for-like basis. CSC delivered revenue of £5.4 million, down £1.1 million compared with the prior year. This first half performance reflects the phasing of defense and hydrogen contracts weighted heavily to the second half and the lighter than expected start to major UK Integrity Management and naval deployments. Adjusted EBITDA loss of £1.3 million after central costs was behind FY 2024 and loss before tax was £2.1 million. Central costs were £0.4 million compared with £0.9 million in the prior year, reflecting cost restructuring following the sale of PMC. Operating cash outflow was £0.4 million, slightly behind FY 2024. Net cash, defined as gross borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, was £1.9 million compared with net borrowings of £1.2 million in March 2024. This slide presents the revenue by market sector for the half year compared with the FY 2024 first half results. £4.4 million, over 80% of total revenue, came from sales into the defense market, a similar proportion to the prior year. Hydrogen sales were £0.7 million, slightly up from the prior year, principally from in-factory lifecycle support services, including periodic inspection and testing. The remaining £0.3 million of revenue came from industrial and offshore services customers. Included within the sector revenues is £2.1 million Integrity Management services, primarily related to in situ UK naval deployments, up from the prior year. This slide presents the P&L comparing with the FY 2024 first half results and the full year for FY 2024. The adjusted EBITDA performance of CSC was £0.9 million loss, reflecting the phasing of contracts. The P&L also highlights the impact of central costs, which have been reduced to £0.4 million from £0.9 million in the prior year. Profit on the sale of the PMC division in October 2024 was £0.4 million. Exceptional items relate primarily to the disposal costs of PMC. This slide presents the balance sheet of March 2025 compared with March 2024 and the prior year-end September 2024. The reduction in net assets in half one FY 2025 reflects the sale of the PMC division, which was consolidated in the March 2024 balance sheet and disclosed as a £3.9 million asset held for sale in September 2024. Tangible assets have fallen slightly since the end of the last financial year due to depreciation charges and net working capital has improved to £0.8 million. This slide presents the movement in the cash balance over the six-month period from September 2024 to the end of March 2025. The cash balance for continuing operations at the start of the financial period was £0.1 million. Initial cash consideration from the sale of PMC was £4.8 million. Total PMC transaction costs were £1.2 million, and the working capital adjustment related to the sale was £0.6 million, which represented the net movement in the PMC balance sheet between the locked-box date and sale completion in October. The proceeds of the sale facilitated the repayment of the term loan balance of £1 million. Other exceptional costs, CapEx and repayment of leases in the period were minimal, resulting in a £1.9 million cash balance at the end of March. That concludes the slides covering our FY 2025 interim results. I will now hand back to Chris to cover strategic progress. Thanks, Sally. This section of the presentation covers our strategy in key market sectors and the progress we're making in FY 2025 towards our 2028 targets as first presented during our FY 2024 full year results presentation in February this year. The delivery of value for our customers, our shareholders and other stakeholders is through the strategic development and growth of Chesterfield Special Cylinders, and established defense and emerging hydrogen energy markets and through the growth of Integrity Management lifecycle support services as summarized here. In the defense market, we're the trusted supplier of safety critical pressure systems to navies and defense contractors worldwide with the proud 125-year history. This market is characterized by high-value contracts with the benefit of long-term program visibility but are often subject to delayed order placements and irregular project milestone phasing as we've seen this year and in recent years. As sole supplier to UK submarine and surface ship programs and long-term partner to major European shipbuilders for their domestic and export submarine projects, we have the advantage of early engagement with engineering and procurement teams to support long-range, operational planning. In the hydrogen energy market, our world-leading reputation in safety, critical bulk gas storage and transportation reflects our extensive knowledge and expertise. Strong UK and European government backing for clean energy projects provides an exciting opportunity for CSC in the supply and lifecycle support of hydrogen static storage and transportation systems. Our unique Integrity Management services are the third and final area of strategic focus where in-situ and factory-based lifecycle services cover mandatory inspection, testing and recertification of safety critical assets in defense, hydrogen, industrial and offshore markets. These three areas form the basis of our strategy and our growth plans. This slide is a reminder of our ambition and clear business targets to 2028 and the high-level objectives we set for this year. First, the targets. By 2028, we will deliver revenue greater than £30 million, double high-value overseas defense revenue, increasing overall defense revenues by at least 40%; grow hydrogen sales to 30% of total revenue at around £9 million; double integrity management revenue to around £5 million. Maintain 30% of revenue from lifecycle support services throughout the growth period and deliver an adjusted EBITDA margin greater than 15% before Central costs, 12% after Central costs at Plc level. At a high level, our FY 2025 objectives are to secure key defense newbuild contracts from overseas customers, position for major UK newbuild contract awards and European refueling station opportunities and to ramp up Integrity Management services, delivering major UK naval deployments and positioning for overseas opportunities. In the following slides, we'll present more detail on the progress made in FY 2025, so far, across defense, hydrogen sectors and the Integrity Management services. In the first half of FY 2025, revenue from overseas defense contracts was £1.2 million of a total defense revenue of £4.4 million, more than double the £0.5 million performance in the first half of 2024. Overseas defense order intake in the first half was £6 million, around 60% of the total defense order intake of £10 million and showing a significant growth of 67% over the first half of 2024. Geopolitical tensions underpin the outlook for increased defense spending as confirmed by the UK Strategic Defense Review and yesterday's announcement that 12 new attack submarines were built under the SSN-AUKUS program. This is great news for the UK defense sector especially with commitments made by the UK government earlier this year to set direct SME spending targets in defense where the UK currently lags behind Europe and the US. With strong commitments also made by the UK and the European Council, under its ReArm and Security Action for Europe programs, we would expect to see newbuild programs expanded and the drumbeat of deliveries increased over the longer term, presenting further growth opportunities for CSC well into the next decade and beyond. Recent contract awards underpin the outlook for overseas defense revenue in FY 2025, 2026 and beyond. The Hunter Class Frigate for the Royal Australian Navy supplying BAE Systems was contracted in February 2024. While in the first half of this year, we secured the River-class destroyer for the Royal Canadian Navy, supplying Irving Shipbuilding, the US Navy submarine program supplying General Dynamics Electric Boat and the Spanish Navy submarine newbuild program supplying Navantia. We're therefore pleased to be on track to meet our 2028 goals for overseas defense revenue and the increased commitment to defense is very positive for our longer term outlook. In the first half of FY 2025, revenue from hydrogen contracts was £0.7 million, slightly up from the first half of FY 2024 and primarily related to in-factory lifecycle services for hydrogen road trailers. Hydrogen order intake in the first half was £3 million, showing a significant growth over the first half of FY 2024 at £0.8 million and full year FY 2024 at £1.4 million, demonstrating strong progress in this developing market. Recent contract awards underpin the outlook for hydrogen revenue in FY 2025, including this significant contract announced in March to supply large scale storage systems to the bp Aberdeen Hydrogen Hub in Scotland. As our first contract to supply large scale hydrogen storage systems to a new generation of groundbreaking clean energy projects in the UK, this award represents a significant strategic milestone for CSC. System delivery is planned for the first quarter of 2026. In April this year, the UK government reaffirmed its commitment to support domestic green hydrogen production with growth through the Hydrogen Allocation Rounds, HAR. Five HAR1 projects have already been approved by the government and a shortlist of 27 HAR2 projects has recently been announced. We're well-positioned to supply static hydrogen storage systems and road trailers to HAR-funded projects, which are expected to be operational between 2026 and 2029. Our first major contract award under the HAR1 program was expected in the first half of this calendar year. The project has been approved by the UK government, but the timing of order placement for storage systems has been moved to the fourth quarter of this year. Outside the UK hydrogen market, a contract was secured in the first quarter of 2025 to supply high-pressure hydrogen storage systems to leading French refueling station specialist, Atawey, for delivery in the fourth quarter of this year. To complement our extensive history in Type 1 steel road trailers, we have signed a cooperation agreement with a leading European manufacturer of lightweight Type 4 composite cylinders, enabling us to offer the market a full product range and to support future lifecycle service demand. Hydrogen revenue expected in the second half of the year is supported by full order book coverage, underpinning an anticipated record revenue performance for the full year. We're therefore pleased to be on track to meet our 2028 targets for hydrogen revenue of 30% total sales. Expert Integrity Management services are a growing part of our business and we're well-positioned as pressure system OEM to capture known capital-intensive repeat revenue throughout the product lifecycle from extensive installed fleets across regulated operating environments. Where safety critical cylinders cannot be removed for periodic maintenance, we deploy our specialist Integrity Management teams to carry out in situ inspection and testing, minimizing operational disruption, and maximizing system availability. In the first half of the year, Integrity Management revenue was £2.1 million, which is 17% higher than the first half of 2024, primarily driven by growth in UK naval deployments. Order intake was £2.7 million, a growth of 29% over the first half of 2024, already exceeding the full year 2024 intake of £2.5 million. A strong outlook for future UK naval deployments underpins an expected record full year performance for Integrity Management services in 2025, demonstrating strong progress towards the target of doubling revenue to around £5 million by 2028. Built on our position as sole supplier of pressure systems to UK submarine and surface fleets and its OEM for navies worldwide, we're currently positioned to secure our first integrity management contract on European naval vessels. Growth in Integrity Management services supports our goal of maintaining 30% of revenue from high-value repeat lifecycle services throughout the period to 2028. So in summary, FY 2025 interim results reflect the phasing of newbuild contract milestones and Integrity Management deployments in the first half of the year. Strategic progress is being made towards our midterm 2028 targets, with significant contracts secured from overseas defense customers and the first contract award to supply large scale hydrogen storage systems in the UK. Record hydrogen revenue is expected for the full year. Growth continues in our Integrity Management services and a record revenue year is expected in FY 2025. Strong order intake in the first half of the year and robust order book coverage support our second half revenue expectation, driving a return to full year adjusted EBITDA profitability and results in line with market expectations. That concludes the presentation. Thank you for listening. Chris, Sally and I will now take questions. 
            Questions and Answers: That's great, Chris. Thank you and the team for your presentation. I will now bring your cameras back up. Ladies and gentlemen, please do continue to submit your questions using the Q&A tab situated on the top right corner of your screen. While the company take a few moments to view those questions submitted today, I would like to remind you that a recording of this presentation, along with a copy of the slides and the published Q&A can it can be accessed via your Investor dashboard. And as you can see, we have received a number of questions throughout today's presentation. And, Chris, if I may now hand back to you and kindly ask you to read out the questions where appropriate to do so and I'll pick up from you at the end. Thank you. Thanks, Alex. Right. So I'll get into the questions here, pre-submitted question. First question, you seem to be making progress with your strategic goals, but with recent defense spending announcements by the UK and Europe, are you being ambitious? Are we being ambitious enough in our targets? So I think yesterday's announcement on the Strategic Defense Review is great news for the UK defense sector, especially with commitments made by the UK earlier this year to support direct SME spending targets where we currently lag Europe and the US. I think with these recent announcements, we would expect to see newbuild programs expand and the drumbeat of deliveries increased, presenting further opportunities over the longer term. It gives confidence in our near-term goals but won't necessarily change the landscape to 2028. So another question related to defense. Earlier this year, you announced a contract to supply the US Navy. How is this project progressing? When will you deliver products and how will Trump's tariffs affect the project? Chris? Okay. So we're clearly delighted to secure the contract with General Dynamics Electric Boat to supply the US Navy's submarine new construction program. And we feel that we're making good progress with early project milestones being achieved in our relationship with the US project team is really good and we're definitely on schedule to deliver by 2026. I guess in relation to the tariffs, it's potentially likely to be a changeable situation by the time that we deliver in 2026 and we're not contractually responsible for any tariffs that might be payable at the time. But let's just not remember – let's just reflect on the fact that our US customers engage with those due to our experience and long track record in being able to supply these specialized safety critical products. Thanks, Chris. A question related to the second half outlook. So the second half looks challenging. How confident are you in delivering the revenue and return to profitability. Sally? Okay. I guess the order intake in the first half was strong. We've got 95% – over 95% order book coverage for second half revenue. We've got the resources in place to deliver the contract milestones and the Integrity Management deployments giving us confidence in the full-year earnings. A question about hydrogen, is the UK government actually committed to hydrogen and why are you confident that orders will be placed soon given the continual delays? So I think delays to government-funded hydrogen projects have been frustrating over the last few years for us and for the wider supply chain. But I think recent confirmation of funding awards for the five HAR1 projects, other projects under HAR1 to be confirmed within the next few weeks and the shortlisting of 27 projects under HAR2 shows strong commitment from the UK government. So we remain optimistic but we're actively involved with the key project developers, which gives us the visibility of those project timelines and production plans. Okay. The CapEx of £200,000 in the first half of the year seems very low for a business preparing for growth. Is this enough for growth and what are your future CapEx requirements? Sally? Why don't you start with that? And so we managed to CapEx fund carefully during the first half and we just focused on the maintenance activities on existing equipment. Our operational focus will remain on the efficiency of system equipment to deliver the capacity for our 2028 targets, which we believe we can achieve without major CapEx. Chris, have you got anything to add to that? Yeah. I guess that – so we've clearly been careful with cash in the first half of this year, the £200,000, as Sally described. So, we're expecting to spend around about £700,000 on CapEx by the end of this financial year and then maybe a similar amount next year all focused on our maintenance and slight incremental improvement, clearly, as we grow, particularly in the hydrogen market, the expectations of some shorter lead times of some of those products, requiring some investment to improve the efficiency. Clearly, we want to continue to do that over the forthcoming years, I think as Sally described, the low CapEx requirements in terms of no major issues over the next couple of years. Thanks, Chris. I think related to that, there's a question here regarding resources and skills, have you got the resources and skills to deliver your growth plans to 2028? Can you take care of that one? Okay. So, we're clearly lucky to be based in South Yorkshire. It's a region that's got great access to a strong pool of skills that our business needs. We've currently got seven live vacancies. We've got a new website that is demonstrating the – advertising those. We're using all the media to be able to get those. We continue to grow our team with the right skills, and I'm pleased to sort of describe to the audience again that we've got an active apprentice scheme that we will be recruiting again in 2025 at the backend of this year. Thanks, Chris. We've got a question related to artificial intelligence. So how are you utilizing artificial intelligence in the business? I'll cover that. So, we currently use proprietary AI tools for our administration, principally administration processes and extensively in our IT and cybersecurity measures. We don't currently use artificial intelligence in our manufacturing processes, but we do see opportunities to use artificial intelligence in production planning methods and also in the interpretation of product inspection and testing data. Okay. We have a question related to the stock ownership of the company. What is the management board stock ownership like? So, currently, the combined executive and independent non-executive board shareholding is around 1% of the total issued stock. Question regarding the order book cover for H2. Can you give any details on the percentage of order book cover for the second half of the year? Sally? So, the second half, we're over 95% covered for the revenue that we've got in the second half, primarily from some larger contracts which were announced, getting these initial milestones  (27:14). Yeah. So, question related to the security of steel supply. So, how secure are your sources of steel both physically and economically? Chris, could you comment on that? Sure. So, we've got a – our steel supply comes from Europe and we've got a good relationship with that supplier. And more recently, we've opened up a second supplier as well just to make sure that we weren't too exposed. So I think – and we've got an agreement in place with our core supplier that is there for the future. Okay. There's a question related to the first half accounts. £1.2 million of goods were transferred over time, which seems a strange concept, why aren't they recognized at a point in time? Sally? Okay. That's related to IFRS 15 accounting standards. So there's a number of requirements and conditions that have to be met, which means that we have to recognize revenue over time. It's not so much of a choice that we get to make. It's making sure that we are in line with IFRS 15. And so those shorter term, smaller contracts would be a point in time. But the larger contracts that we have milestones over a number of periods, we have to recognize over time. Thanks, Sally. So the question relates to the competitive environment in hydrogen storage and transportation. Can you give us some background on the current competitive environment for hydrogen storage and transportation within the UK? How many competitors are there and does CSC have a niche in this market? So the hydrogen industry in the UK is a more competitive environment than we face in defense markets, that's for sure. There are competitors. There are no other manufacturers of Type 1 storage systems or road trailers in the UK, the program Type 1 designs. There are some competition in the supply of lightweight composite road trailers in the UK and that's why we are entering that market with an offering as described earlier with new cooperation to be able to supply those systems. So, yes, it's a more competitive market. There is some overseas competition from European suppliers. And we anticipate over the longer-term that there will also be Chinese competition in this sector. Importantly, hydrogen storage and transportation is a safety and critical industry. The operators in that environment take risk management very seriously. And I think it's important to recognize that we believe our long track record in safety critical gas storage systems puts us in a strong position to compete. We also have very strong relationships with our key suppliers who are also determined to see growth and expansion within the hydrogen market. So, yes, more competitive environment. But so far, we believe we're offering a very strong product that's also backed by the UK-based through lifecycle maintenance and support integrity management and factory reconditioning services, which is an important and a unique offering to Chesterfield Special Cylinders. Yes. Do you expect to improve the gross profit margins, I guess, looking at the first half and second performance? So, Sally, yeah. Thanks. Yes. The gross margins in the first half reflect the operational gearing in the period resulting from the lower revenues, which were driven from the phasing of the newbuild contract milestones in Integrity Management deployments. We do expect gross margins to significantly improve for the full year and beyond and behind the FY 2024 due to the customer and product mix and then future years the increase revenue therefore increase contribution margins and to cover that fixed cost base. Okay. Thanks, Sally. So I think that's – we'll make this perhaps the last question. Do you see any growth opportunities in the oil and gas market where CSC used to operate? So I think there was a major newbuild program in oil and gas markets over 10 years ago, and that was a very strong period for Chesterfield Cylinders back in the day. But there is, at the moment, currently, very limited newbuilding activity for floating offshore installations and offshore floating cranes. But we are still actively supplying replacement cylinders and upgraded cylinders, and we're also supporting offshore services customers with their mandatory inspection and testing through our Integrity Management services where we do see steady growth opportunities over the period to June 2028 through that in already installed fleet. That's great, Chris, Sally, Chris. Thank you for addressing those questions for investors today. And of course, the company can review your questions submitted today and we'll publish those responses on the Investor Meet Company platform. But before redirecting investors to provide you with their feedback which is particularly important for the company, Chris, can I please ask you for a few closing comments? Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Alex. And thanks, everyone, for taking the time to attend the presentation today and for your questions. Clearly, FY 2025 is going to be a year of two very different halves with strong order intake and robust order book coverage. We're confident about delivering the second half and the full year in line with market expectations. We were pleased today to present the progress we're making towards our FY 2028 goals and are excited about the prospects in the defense and hydrogen markets and in our Integrity Management lifecycle services. Thank you for your continued support. Chris, thank you and the team once again for updating investors today. Can I please ask investors not to close this session as you will now be automatically redirected to provide your feedback in order that the board can better understand your views and expectations? This will only take a few moments to complete and I'm sure will be greatly valued by the company. On behalf of the management team of Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings Plc, we'd like to thank you for attending today's presentation and good morning to you all. 
            