
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the CTM Full Year Results 2024 Presentation. The call will be managed by Jamie Pherous, Managing Director; James Spence, CFO; and Eleanor Noonan, COO. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like turn the conference over to Jamie Pherous. Please go ahead. Yeah. Thanks, Rachel, and good morning, everyone. It's nice to say that welcome to our full year results presentation. This should take approximately half an hour with Q&A at the end. I'm also joined today, as Rachel said, by our CFO, James Spence; and our COO, Eleanor Noonan. You may not be familiar with him, but James has joined us in May and Eleanor has been here for a couple of years. So, both are highly experienced individuals and it's great to have them on the call today and we look forward to introducing them, if you don't know them on the Roadshow and post-Roadshow. So, let's hop straight into it. If we can go to slide 5, please, the group overview. So, from a consolidated point of view, revenue was up 9% and EBITDA up 21% to AUD 201.7 million. Disappointingly, FY 2024 has underperformed, which we take on board. However, we need to acknowledge that this underperformance is specific to three key items. The first two issues are first half issues we previously flagged at our first half results, being the second quarter macro impacts in North America. Pleasingly, as we flagged at that result, client activity rebounded in January and had no impact in the second half and we'll talk to North America shortly. Secondly are the bridging accommodation contract that was expected to deliver AUD 1.5 billion per annum in TTV and significant revenue and profit, was materially below forecast due to changes in government policy. This led to our downgrade. Then, in the second half, the one-off war related humanitarian work we manage tapered off much faster than we anticipated late in the second half, as families were resettled and no longer required interim accommodation services from CTM. You can see this as we've highlighted in the chart with 2H EBITDA below 2H 2023. This led to a 4% miss in the bottom of guidance. But what we have done on the next two slides is to split out Europe from the rest of the world to better display what the underlying business is doing, given the noise of the European one-off war related humanitarian projects and their impact on the business. So, if we can move to slide 6, if we can. Yes, slide 6, Europe. Okay. And if you look at this now, as you can see, whilst the full year revenue was up 18% and EBITDA up 16% to AUD 97.7 million, we expected quite a bit more from the humanitarian projects contributing in the second half. The projects tapered off much faster than we anticipated. 2H EBITDA was down 48% or down AUD 32.4 million on 2H 2023to AUD 34.7 million. But I want to reiterate, this is one-off project work that is not recurring. CTM have been proud to accommodate displaced persons fleeing conflict in Ukraine and Afghanistan for a number of years, and we are pleased that over 90% of these families are now resettled in long-term accommodation and therefore, no longer requiring interim accommodation services from CTM. And this reduced demand is now reflected in our FY 2025 forecast. So, if now we can move to slide 7, if we can, Rest of World. So, as you can see on this slide, we have a completely different story and will take strong momentum into FY 2025. The Rest of World business grew 21% in EBITDA to AUD 122.5 million. As we flagged to the market at the half year results, we could see green shoots in our largest regions of North America and ANZ, and it is this second half turnaround  (00:20:24) North America and ANZ regions that was most pleasing. Rest of world 2H EBITDA was AUD 74.3 million, up AUD 16.7 million or 29% on 2H 2023 and our EBITDA margin expanded from 21% to 27% over the same half year period. This represents a major turnaround in both regions, which I will talk to in coming slides. But now, if we can move to slide 8, where we show the key metrics that indicate how the underlying business really is performing. So, what we lay out on this slide is the metrics that matter at CTM internally that we think defines our long-term sustainable growth. On the left-hand side chart, we show revenue per full-time equivalent employee from FY 2019 being the pre-COVID year to FY 2024. This metric demonstrates how efficient the business is running, and we are pleased to advise that revenue per FTE is up 35% on FY 2019, meaning we are 35% more efficient per person than pre-COVID. Importantly, revenue per FTE grew 9% in FY 2024 versus FY 2023. And Eleanor will talk to the revenue and cost initiatives that have driven this outcome, that set us up over the long-term to execute our long range plan. Then, on the right-hand side chart is underlying earnings per share. Whilst we acknowledge that we acquired businesses through the COVID cycle and as a result, we and the market expect profits to be significantly above FY 2019's EBITDA of AUD 150 million. Our EPS has recovered to 88% of FY 2019. So, of course, this is net profit. This is against a backdrop of the corporate market recovering to circa 80% of COVID levels. And we know this is peer leading metric post-COVID for all of our peers globally. Then, now in the second row of the metrics that we measure ourselves on year-to-year. Firstly, cash conversion. This is above our expectations and finished the year at approximately 89%. The business continues to generate cash and this gives us optionality with our cash management strategy, which James will talk to you later. The second area is the incremental revenue conversion to EBITDA, which was well above our 50% target at 61%. This demonstrates both the operating leverage in the business that we're now seeing from our larger scale and the automation execution delivered by our teams around the world, which Eleanor will also talk to a little later. And client retention at 97% and client wins at AUD 970 million are at expectation. So, the things that we can control, we are executing against. This will be demonstrated clearly as we walk through the each region in the coming slides. So, let's move on to the performance by region, slide 9, and then let's go straight to slide 10, Australia and New Zealand. So, as you can see from this slide, the region underwent a significant turnaround in the second half as we flagged at the half year results. So, I want to focus on second half execution as we have highlighted on the chart. 2H revenue was up 11% after being flat in the first half, a pleasing turnaround in just six months. This is due to two factors. The success of Sleep Space, as Eleanor will talk to you shortly and client wins. Look, there is no doubt with the timing of the Helloworld corporate integration in 2022, time with the post-COVID opening of travel in Australia was really a difficult for us to manage, and we did lose some accounts through this integration. But our service as measured by NPS scores, is now back to the highs of pre-COVID in this region. And when combined with our superior tech stack, we are winning new accounts, but winning back accounts that left us. And the good news is this is continuing into FY 2025. Secondly, the turnaround in margin expansion from 24% to 30% in 2H 2024 versus 2H 2023, with 2H EBITDA up 39% on the pcp to AUD 26.3 million. This is a real story and demonstrates the synergy benefits being realized from the acquisition and much more significantly, the automation benefits playing out into the efficiency of the region, which Eleanor will also talk to a little later. So, as you can see with the 2H results, we are taking strong momentum into FY 2025, noting that Australia has only got a very small skew to the second half. Let's go on to slide 11, North America. North America is a very similar story to ANZ.As we flagged in the first half, we could see the green shoots in this region. And like ANZ, they also experienced a significant turnaround in the second half. While full year EBITDA is up 33% to just shy of AUD 60 million, it is the second half, which is a standout demonstrated momentum into FY 2025. Transactions are up 17% in the second half. Normalized revenue up 9.4% and EBITDA up 39%, with an uplift in margin in the second half from 18% to 24%. All good statistics. So, what made the difference? Well, we've talked previously to the benefits in completing integration, allowing our management team to focus on doing just a few things very well. We changed the organizational structure around to get faster results, and we believe we've built a high-quality management team. And that management team have focused on three main areas. Firstly, faster onboarding of accounts. There's no doubt we are winning clients, but we're disappointed that clients weren't transacting as fast as we had hoped, and that impacted our revenue lag. Secondly, a focus on profitable accounts. We let some accounts go, that were unproductive and not profitable to the business to better focus on the accounts that best fit the business moving forward. And lastly, automation execution. And we saw the benefits of this strategy in the second half and these benefits accelerated into the fourth quarter. I mean, when we look at fourth quarter alone, AUD 210 million of annualized clients were brought on board in this quarter alone, boosting our transaction growth. 4Q transactions are up 21% on 4Q 2023 and the result is 4Q EBITDA was AUD 21 million and is up 46% on the pcp. So, this 4Q result defies normal seasonality, where typically 3Q is seasonally stronger than 4Q in profits. So, it shows the momentum the business is driving. Just a point you'll note, the second half revenue is lagging activity consistent with our peers, but this had minimal impact on EBITDA and is largely due to the one-off industry-wide distribution cuts, primarily the well-publicized American Airlines distribution cut experiment that had around a  CAD 12 million (00:27:08) impact in revenue. American Airlines have publicly admitted it was a wrong strategy, and  it's since (00:27:13) reversed their strategy back to supporting Corporate Travel distribution in FY 2025. So, we expect no go forward impact. And secondly, with this growth, we account for hotel revenues on a cash basis. So, the receipts in June lag are really for many months earlier. So, receipts lagged the rapid growth in activity. So, just like ANZ, we take great momentum into FY 2025. Now, if we can move on to slide 12, Europe. As we stated earlier, it was a rapid taper off of the one-off project revenue late in the second half that impacted the final result. Whilst full year revenue was up 18% and EBITDA up 16% to AUD 97.7 million, it is the second half that more than offset the Rest of World strong 2H performance as you can see on the chart. Yeah, 2H revenue dropped 28% and 2H profit dropped 48% to AUD 34.7 million from AUD 67.1 million in 2H 2023. But as I said earlier, this is  masking (00:28:13) the strong underlying BAU growth in the region, which we demonstrate in the next slide. And this next slide is quite important to just to understand what's going on in our business. So, on slide 13, this slide shows that the underlying EU business is performing well and is our leading region, always has been since COVID, through COVID. If you focus on the chart, what we compare, where we compare revenue and EBITDA growth to FY 2019, the pre-COVID years. And as we've identified, FY 2023 and FY 2024 were significantly impacted by one-off war related humanitarian project work. This work is largely complete, as mentioned earlier. And FY 2025 assumes no Bridging vessel extension and no war related humanitarian project work just like FY 2019. So, they are good years to compare how the business has grown in terms of BAU since FY 2019. And as you can see from our FY 2024 forecast, FY 2025 is expected to be substantially above FY 2019 in both revenue and EBITDA. In fact, we expect EBITDA to be over150% of FY 2019, despite the corporate market recovering to only 80% of pre-COVID levels in Europe. To grow this significantly beyond FY 2019 demonstrates two things. We have had significant customer win growth to drive revenue through this period. And secondly, the very high penetration of CTM technology is driving very strong EBITDA to revenue margins actually above those we were achieving in FY 2019. So, whilst FY 2025 is forecast to be well below FY 2024 due to the completion of the one-off project work in FY 2024, the underlying business continues to be strong. We see FY 2025 as a reset year in Europe. Let's move on to slide 14, Asia. FY 2024 was essentially a COVID recovery year with revenue up 24% and EBITDA up 29% to AUD 17.9 million. This is led by continued strong growth in the corporate segment. The China reopening post-COVID has certainly been slower than we expected, and this has impacted our wholesale recovery that relies on China international outbound. Furthermore, the unsustainably high ticket prices we saw last year as China opened up post-COVID have sharply declined by 21% in the second half, impacting overrides in revenue, particularly as it relates to wholesale, but we see this as good for our customers in the coming years, as pricing is returning to sustainable levels. But corporate is going very well in the region, up 11% in transactions through this second half. We made some really good decisions in the last few years to do two things. We de-leveraged from Greater China and we also, secondly, we doubled down on corporate. This has been really successful for the business because wholesale isn't contributing anything like we hoped. And this is because Japan is helping us win regional accounts and Singapore is delivering record results, will be on pre-COVID levels. Further, our exposure to Greater China has declined from 89% in regional revenue pre-COVID to 69% of revenue in FY 2024, as we show you on the chart below there. So, we think we have the building blocks for sustainable regional corporate growth, with wholesale recovery being an added growth lever to the region if and when it comes. Also remind you that Asia is the only region that has a slight 1H seasonal skew, so expect 2H to be lower than the 1H in a normal post-COVID environment. We also need to put Asia into perspective, it contributes under 10% of group profit. So, with that, I'm going to hand over to James Spence, our CFO. Thanks, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. It's great to be here at my first CTM results presentation. So, turning to slide 16, we look at group financial highlights. I'm not going to repeat the revenue and underlying EBITDA commentary already shared by Jamie, instead points to highlight on this slide. Firstly, the increase in the underlying tax rate from 24.6% to 26.4% is driven by the increase in the UK company tax rate in April 2023. In relation to cash tax in FY 2025, we expect the cash tax to be primarily in Europe region as it was in FY 2025. We anticipate continuing to utilize carryforward tax losses in other regions. Secondly, as with EBITDA, note, the strong increase in underlying EPS of 23% versus the pcp, showing the operating leverage of the business with the revenue increase at 9%. Thirdly, on the right hand side, you can see the non-recurring items of AUD 22.8 million pre-tax, consisting of Atlas Project costs as previously flagged, integration costs from the US and ANZ acquisitions, and one-off legacy bad debt provisions we've taken on balances over a year old related to COVID and non-recurring large scale projects. And finally, we've included in the bottom right of the slide, the reconciliation from underlying to statutory NPAT. So, I'll now move to slide 17, where we show cash flow for the year. Net cash flow after working capital moves, tax, CapEx, returns to shareholders and all other items was a net outflow of AUD 16.2 million. A key point to highlight on this slide is the strong cash conversion of 89%. Note also, the AUD 84.1 million returned to shareholders through a mix of dividends and share buybacks, which I'll talk to further on the next slide. You can also see the CapEx investment of AUD 47.6 million in FY 2024, primarily into proprietary technology such as Lightning, Sleep Space and Scout, which underpin the growth and margin metrics which you heard Jamie talking about earlier, and the growth forecast for FY 2025. We expect CapEx at similar levels in FY 2025, and we'll be reviewing further during the year to ensure we're optimizing the return we get on CapEx in future years, which may lead to savings opportunities. Looking at the capital management and the balance sheet in more detail on slide 18. This is one of the key highlights of this set of results. Points to note from this slide; firstly, the company continues with policy to distribute 50% of statutory NPAT in dividends, leading to a final dividend declared of AUD 0.12 per share. The dividends are unfranked for the time being. Secondly, you can see that the balance sheet and liquidity position of the company is strong with net cash of AUD 134.8 million at June 30, 2024, and an unused facility of AUD 100 million, which provide the company with funding flexibility and optionality. And thirdly, given the balance sheet strength, the forecast strong cash flows and the share price weakness relative to our strategic plan, we're signaling today our intent to reset the buyback program outside blackout periods to up to AUD 100 million from today, i.e., above the AUD 26 million already spent and extend through to June 2025. The buyback will be subject to board discretion and market conditions. With that, I'll now hand over to Eleanor to talk through the growth drivers. Thank you. Thank you, James. Good morning, everyone. My name is Eleanor Noonan, Global COO. Can we please move to slide 20? I'm pleased to be presenting the results we have had in project delivery throughout FY 2024, and how this has contributed to our revenue growth and improved EBITDA outcomes. These successes stem from our focus and discipline in planning and leading project delivery, transformation and change. We have also intentionally invested in the development of our leaders. In February this year, we launched our five-year strategy, outlining our long-term vision and setting a target to double our FY 2024 profit within five years. We know there is a realistic opportunity given our global market share sits at around 1%. Throughout FY 2024, we have been focused on project execution that delivers long-term value and enhances ROI for our clients. Additionally, we have aligned our entire senior leadership team to be disciplined, structured and accountable for key initiatives that deliver these outcomes. In FY 2025, we will further enhance the alignment of our performance targets with our incentive programs. And this is in line with our remuneration framework and benchmarks that we introduced in FY 2024. Our successful outcomes realized in FY 2024 gives us confidence for our FY 2025 revenue and EBITDA targets. We have proven evidence of strong client uptake of our newly released technology solutions and in our ability to consistently manage our cost as shown in our improvements in EBITDA margins. In FY 2025, our operating plans continue to break down our strategic ambitions into actionable horizons. These plans were developed through a collaborative effort involving in-depth workshops both in our global and regional executive teams across all regions. And this process has been crucial in defining our targets, key initiatives and the metrics needed to achieve each region's goals for the coming year. Let's now move to slide 21, revenue drivers. I'd like to take you through some of the detail that drives our confidence in the FY 2025 targets and outcomes. One of the significant revenue drivers that was launched in our ANZ market in February 2024 is Sleep Space, our proprietary hotel content engine. It is one of many projects that are included in our FY 2024 CapEx investment of AUD 47.6 million and is placed as CTM's new strategic investment in client facing technology. The launch of Sleep Space exceeded our initial expectations for the ANZ market, where it was a positive contributor to the region's second half turnaround. We are well underway to scale this product globally and each region has a tailored development and go-to-market product plan with modest revenue expectations for FY 2025. Our research indicates that this will have a positive impact in our other markets, particularly within North America. As mentioned, this project is well underway for launch in all other markets throughout FY 2025. If we can now move to slide 22, cost management drivers. In line with our strength in project execution demonstrated in FY 2024, we have also been focused on projects that positively impacted our EBITDA margins. A project that has been running for many years is Scout, which is our proprietary AI and automation tool initially developed within our ANZ market. The development of Scout showcased our track record in innovating and in FY 2024, started to  (00:40:27) material client outcomes that improved our speed and quality of service delivery. At a macro level, our headline story is an improvement in global revenue in FY 2024 of 9% or AUD 59.8 million, while our global FTE resources held steady with a 0.4% overall decrease in our workforce. Breaking this down further, in our ANZ region where Scout was rolled out first, Scout has demonstrated excellent outcomes. We have increased revenue by 11%, while reducing our workforce in this region by 3.3%. And importantly, increasing client satisfaction measured using a Net Promoter Score or NPS, where this score increased by 150% or 45 points over the same period. Scout is being further developed simultaneously around the world with a primary focus of improving client servicing and processing that enhances our service delivery. Another key project that demonstrates our strong commitment to disciplined project execution through FY 2024 is Project Atlas. This project is focused on enhancing back-end processes across all markets and includes significant standardization and automation improvements. This project is set to improve our FY 2025 bottom line by AUD 10 million and increasing to AUD 20 million in FY 2029. And again, pleasingly, our project delivery has aligned with our initial business case estimations. Notably, the majority of non-recurring underlying costs of AUD 10.5 million in FY 2024 is related to Project Atlas, which is on track for successful project completion in September 2024. I'd like to now hand back to James. Thanks, Eleanor. So, on to slide 24, where I'll go through the FY 2025target metrics. We've decided to present this differently this year with the focus on the key value drivers of the business, i.e., revenue growth and margin, rather than an EBITDA range. The reason for this is that we see strategic value in the group over the medium term being driven by the performance of these two key metrics. EBITDA, which can easily be derived from the target metrics is an output based on the revenue growth and margin inputs. We expect that this will provide more useful information for investors to understand value of the business than an EBITDA range. And as you've heard from Eleanor, this is much more closely aligned with how we look at the strategic value in the business. So, turning to the numbers. We've carved out the metrics on Europe separately because of the non-recurring revenues included in Europe's FY 2024 numbers. For Rest of World, we're targeting revenue growth of around 10% in FY 2025, in line with our 2H performance in North America and ANZ on a normalized basis. We're targeting EBITDA margin of around 27.5%, an uplift of 450 basis points versus FY 2024. We've set out and Eleanor has highlighted key drivers including automation, Sleep Space rollout and new business wins. In Europe, given we're coming off FY 2024 comps with material one-off project work, we expect revenue to decline by around 18% versus FY 2024. EBITDA margins are expected to return to around 49%, which are above pre-COVID levels, benefiting particularly from the usage of proprietary technology. Group costs are expected to be around AUD 23 million, which include some additional group personnel and higher variable compensation costs with bonus payments in FY 2024 being low. Now, looking at the skew of forecast results, which will be weighted to 2H due to a mix of factors including normal seasonality and as Eleanor mentioned, the progressive rollout in ANZ and North America through the year of the revenue and cost savings initiatives. Additionally, note that Europe 1H 2025 is expected to be significantly lower than the pcp due to the roll-off from the project work in 1H 2024. And as a result, we expect a lower 1H 2025 than the pcp at group level. So, with that, I will now hand back to Jamie to wrap up. Thank you. Thanks, James. And on to slide 25. Summary. Just a quick summary overall. So, firstly, as you can see, we missed guidance in FY 2024 and we're really disappointed about that. But as we said, this is largely the one-off project underperformance, particularly in Europe and in the second quarter of the first half, the softer macro in North America. These things led to the miss. But as we hopefully we made really clearly through this presentation, the underlying business is performing well. As we demonstrated early up, both North America and ANZ experienced 2H turnarounds that bodes well for FY 2025. Both regions had a second half 2024 uplift of 39% in EBITDA and a 600 basis point margin expansion versus 2H 2023. And we expect Europe to be over 150% of FY 2019 when stripping out project work. Further, Eleanor described the focus on revenue and cost automation. We are achieving or exceeding the metrics that support long-term compound growth, wins, retention with special note of revenue per FTE up 35% since FY 2019 and conversion of incremental revenue to EBITDA at 61%. The last two metrics exceed our internal expectations. Thirdly, James talked to our strong balance sheet and as a result, extending our buyback program by an additional AUD 100 million by June 2025. We are generating strong cash flow. We have no debt and as a result, have cash management optionality for dividends, share buybacks and potential M&A. But FY 2025 is a reset year as we cycle up the project work of the past few years in Europe. And as James laid out, Rest of World expectations represent significant revenue growth and EBITDA margin expansion in FY 2025. However, we will be cycling off a very strong 1H 2024 Europe numbers, masking the underlying performance of the group. So, with that, I'm going to hand back now to Rachel for questions. But one last thing before I do to, just to let you know too that from now, what would the process of going to get into now, we'll give an activity update at our CTM AGM, 31 October. It's been a new pattern we get into. But if we can now hand back to the moderator, Rachel, for questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Tim Plumbe with UBS. Please go ahead. Hi, Jamie. Just two questions from me, if possible, please. Just – sorry, I might have missed a little bit, but could you talk a little bit about the new business win pipeline? On my numbers, it looks like about AUD 340 million in the second half versus AUD 670 million in the first half. Are we seeing any slowing there in terms of opportunities? And maybe just can you talk to the competitive dynamics for new business wins heading into FY 2025, obviously, some big movements towards the top-end? So, that's question one. The second question, just how should we think about the impact of upcoming elections? What do you typically see in terms of general corporate travel market activity and then also company-specific contracts when you're heading into an election, please? Yeah. Thanks, Tim. The first, the new business wins, look, it is how it is. I think as long as we hit our targets, but I don't want to go into it too much, but July set off really strongly for us. So, I think that's the key takeaway. And when you look at our five-year plan, we will be – you'll hear more during the year of how we're boosting our team to. So, it's a key driver of the next five years. In terms of – it's always competitive of course. You've got the GBT-CWT merger, which seems to be delayed or may be delayed further. It is what it is. But obviously, from our point of view, we want to make sure that we can partake in what might happen with some of those customers that might be disillusioned with that acquisition. That's what we're setting up for. Secondly, elections. They can have an impact, a short-term impact, but we've built that into our guidance  (00:49:46) in terms of our projections, instead of our targets. Okay. Thank you. Your next question comes from Wei-Weng Chen with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Just a couple for me. So, the first question is, I guess, to me, it feels like this is a bit more than just an unwinded Europe work. I guess, by my calculations, Rest of World EBITDA guide is about AUD 165 million this year – oh next year, sorry, but in February, you said you were confident North America would be over AUD 100 million and ANZ would be around AUD 70 million. Clearly, they  won't need that (00:50:28). So, just wondering what's happened in the non-European regions? Look, I think, Wei-Weng, it's got to focus on the growth, right. The market's pretty steady. And as you see, the Rest of World was AUD 122.5 million and if you're saying, roughly, it's AUD 165 million, and that's pretty strong growth, right, in a market that's steady. And like I said, it's a reset. We're moving forward in the next five years, and I think in anyone's will, that's pretty big growth. Yeah. Okay. And then, I guess, you made a comment earlier in the call that you let some accounts go. I guess, my concern when I hear that is, often, that's like a euphemism for clients leaving. Can you maybe talk about how that conversation goes with the guys that you're letting go? How much time did they have left on their contract and/or did you try negotiate with them – renegotiate within before dropping them? It's more when it comes up to retender to how you position things. I think the takeaway you have to look at North America is that second half turnaround, where revenue is at, where profit's at, I think it's a really good result and it sets up momentum. I mean, we talked about the fourth quarter as well. We think that's a really good outcome and that's going to give us some momentum for next year. Okay. Cool. Thanks. That's all. I might rejoin the queue. Your next question comes from Sophia Mulligan with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hi, Jamie. Can you hear me? Certainly can. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one on North America. I know you spoke about the American Airlines issues impacting you. I guess, if we look across the last quarter or the quarterly better coming out of the US, corporate seem to be doing quite well. And a lot of airlines are talking to double-digit growth rate. Could you just talk to the  (00:52:24) and what you're seeing in the pipeline of  (00:52:26)? Yeah, yeah. As we said, the fourth quarter, we had transactions up 21%. I won't talk to July revenue other than to say that catchup has been pretty significant in July. So, we think we're in a good position there. And when you put that to our target metrics and we talked about 10% growth across Rest of World. And that margin expansion, America will be leading that outcome. I'll leave it at that. Yeah. And just a quick one on TTV. It doesn't look like you've provided, is there a reason that's been taken away at the group level? Look, it's just not relevant to us. I mean, it's all about revenue. It always has been about revenue, how we convert into profit. And that is how we've always operated, that's how we're going to continue to operate. I mean, TTV doesn't buy profit or revenue. All right. So, thank you. I'll rejoin the queue. The next question comes from James Bales with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. I just wanted to understand the AUD 7 million of setup costs for Project Atlas in FY 2025. Is that expensed in and incorporated into the guidance? I'll take that one. Hi, James. It's James Spence here. So, what we've signaled there is our expectation of non-recurring costs for next year. Those aren't included in the margin and group cost numbers that we provided in the target metrics. Okay. Got it. And then, maybe just on cash flow, it seemed like the message at the half year was that the rail payments would unwind in the second half and you are expecting that would get close to 100% cash flow conversion. That didn't quite pan out that way. Do you still expect a 100% conversion of EBITDA going forward? Hi, James. I'll take that one as well. Look, I think we previously said we expect cash conversion in the region of 80% to 90% going forward, obviously, in a growing business, that seems a pretty good target to set. We are exposed to the volatility in the settlement cycle in the travel sector and certainly, we've seen that in this period and coming into the business of – it's quite visible that we are exposed to that volatility. But I think 80% to 90% is a good base to model the business and coming in at 89% as we have for this year overall, we think is a good result. Perfect. Thanks, guys. The next question comes from Benjamin Gilbert with Jarden. Please go ahead. Good morning, team. Just – firstly just on  (00:55:34). It looks like it's come in sort of 30-odd-percent ahead of what you were guiding at the half. Just interested what the driver of that was?  Are we changing (00:55:42) the practices around what you capitalize  investors expecting to adopt further (00:55:44)? Yeah. I think it's really – the money was spent on Sleep Space and Scout AI automation. I mean, there are things that we've really doubled down on, but we're also getting results. As Eleanor made pretty clear, we're getting really good returns on that. So, as we've always said before, if we're going to do something, we'll get good returns. But also, as James said, we expect that now to be relatively flat next year and we're even looking at opportunities to reduce that cost in future years as we review ROI in all our projects. But the real step up is, those projects, but they are certainly getting a return, I think we made that pretty clear. I mean, thanks, Jamie. And I would add to that, Benjamin. There's certainly has been no change in our CapEx and our capitalization policy,  our current business, (00:56:34) I'm very focused on that number. Obviously, it goes to cash, which is a key metric for us. We will be looking at it hard. And ROI, as Jamie said, is a really key metric for us. So, this is something that's getting a lot of focus at the moment. Thanks. And just second for me, and Jamie, I fully appreciate your comments around the growth and the growth number is obviously pretty significant as you look at the run rates. But obviously, it's also a bit of an expectations going outside of the fence as well. I just wondered to what extent do you think the management team or the group's been distracted? Obviously, there's been some challenges around the UK contract and some of the humanitarian ones that might have created some, I suppose, just and you obviously mentioned the Helloworld contract around ability to sort of maintain momentum, will continue to drive some of these. And I suppose what I'm trying to get at there is, as we look into next year and you've given some  (00:57:26), some of those sort of more volatile, maybe less predictable contracts. Do you think that more singular focus as we look forward is going to be some of those run rates and the contract wins in absolute terms on a net basis start to accelerate again? And just because there has obviously been quite a lot of volatility and movement versus expectations over last 12 months? Look, I think to be fair, firstly, that comment, I mean, we've got a team that does that specifically in Europe. It doesn't take more effort from anyone else in the world. But as Eleanor said, we've got this real – the biggest thing is that everything's integrated, and that's the biggest change that we've seen in the half. So, as Eleanor said before, the accountability and the laser focus on winning business, getting more revenue per transaction, particularly through Sleep Space and other matters, and then cost out through AI and automation, that's all the business is talking about. That is the difference. I can't say that, that is the difference. It's that everything's integrated and now it's go, go, go. So, the idea is, you're going to do three or four things very well and we're laser focused on that as we set up for a five-year growth plan. So, we're pretty clear now in terms of the base, like these sort of  leftfield things (00:58:35). You're pretty confident that the numbers you put out there for next year are looking pretty fair and you've got some conservatism in that base? Look, maybe it's helpful for me to speak to that, Benjamin. I've come into the business. We've done a comprehensive operating plan for FY 2025. It's been both top-down and very much bottom-up. And we've seen that a lot of the non-recurring revenues are now behind us. I think Jamie in his speech said that, this is a reset year. So, that's a long way of answering your question. The short way is yes, but that's how we see it. That's clear. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. The next question comes from Julian Mulcahy with E&P. Please go ahead. Just two for me. Firstly, on that – back on the earlier question about the mix, you were expecting  AUD 70 million on the EBITDA (00:59:36) from Australia and ANZ and over AUD 100 million in North America. Were they just kind of aspirational targets or was there something behind in that, that's changed and why you've gone more conservative this year? I think it's just a matter of – it's just a reset of where the market's at and what we think in getting back to long-term growth expectations are reasonable. I mean, I can't stress enough to put out that we expect the Rest of World revenue to grow by 10% and the margin to grow by 450 basis points is, that's pretty big growth, right. I mean, secondly, you do have elections. I've heard, there's been a bit of Virgin Restructure in Australia. We've factored all those things in to our target metrics for next year. But outside of that, it just is what it is, right? It's a reset. And James, you've got anything to add to that? Yeah, I mean, I guess, Julian, I'll reiterate what I said before. We've done a pretty comprehensive review which has been – which has really involved the entire senior management team. And you can see on the target metrics slide on slide 24, the Rest of the World growth to be around 10%. We think that's a pretty good, good number to be putting out there. And the EBITDA margin increase from 23% to 27.5%, well, these are very healthy increases, we think. And clearly, we're looking beyond year one to the five year plan as well. So, I think this is a pretty good trajectory to be on. And that don't include any M&A? Correct. Yeah. And just finally, what was the revenue contribution from the evacuation work during the year? Julian, we can't disclose that for a number of reasons, but I think if you go back to that slide where we show what the business was doing, you can see the two years where projects have impacted it, particularly it's a non-humanitarian more stuff. It really impacted it, not the Bridging project. And I think when we compare 2019 to 2025, FY 2019 to FY 2025, it's pretty clear that the trajectory we're coming out of and where we're going, I don't know much more we can do than that. Okay. Thanks, guys. Your next question comes from Ben Wilson with Wilsons Advisory. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just interested in EBITDA for next year. I know you've said you're focusing more on margins, but just thinking about first half EBITDA next year. So, looking through your guidance by region, is it sort of safe to assume that first half might be down about sort of 15% to 20% on first half 2024? Thanks, Ben. It's James here again. Look, we're not giving out specific numbers in terms of EBITDA by region for next year, but you can expect a rough rule of thumb to say one-third first half, two-third second half is likely. And look, the factors that are driving this are the rollout of the initiatives that you heard Eleanor talking about in terms of Sleep Space, Scout and Atlas progressing through the year, the impact of new business wins coming through the year and indeed, the ordinary seasonality that we experienced within the business. So, there will be a skew and of course, we're rolling off these significant non-recurring projects that impacted the pcp. So, look, we're not going to be very specific about the 1H, 2H split, but you can think that it will be heavily weighted to 2H. And Ben, this is Jamie again.  (01:03:20) we talk about it on slide 24, what we think the skew will be, so you can work it out. Yeah. Thank you. And just in terms of that one-third, two-third of 35%, 65% skew first half, second half, is that expected to be, I guess, by region, is it sort of expected to be in line with their typical seasonality, but coming to  an adequate (01:03:46) level or is it more sort of consistent right across the board of that 35%, 65%? Yeah. Hey, look, Ben, we think we've given quite a lot of additional disclosure here when you look at us giving growth rates by region and the Rest of World and splitting out UK. So, I hope that will be helpful for investors, but we're not going to get into 1H, 2H split by region at this stage. I think, read what it says on slide 24, you can see the skew and we're going to say more than that at this stage. Okay. No problem. Thanks, guys. The next question comes from John O'Shea with Ord Minnett. Please go ahead. Thank you. Jamie, can you hear me okay? Yeah. Yeah. Thanks very much for taking my question. And look, some of them have already been answered, but, I guess, from my perspective, one of the key questions, it's  (01:04:46) obviously we are aware of the Bridging contract and the extent to which that was affecting your guidance. Now, we're talking about this non-recurring project work, which is sort of come as a little bit of a surprise, I guess, the quantum of that, that was in your historical numbers. I guess, moving forward, the question is more around, are you – to what extent is that going to be a focus for you moving forward, this humanitarian work? Is it going to be a core business for you or are you going to be more focused on the TMC type work or are you going to do both? And if you are, it would be help helpful to sort of understand,  (01:05:25) what you're expecting in each of those businesses because at the moment, I think the market's confused as to whether you're a TMC or humanitarian business or both? Yeah. Thanks for your question, John. Just to make it really clear, we do a lot of great business, right. I mean, it's bread and butter for most big clients  although a competent degree (01:05:45). And this humanitarian work is just an extension of that, except it's much larger and it's much more technical, particularly to get people out of countries in a war zone. So, we've built a skill-set for it, it's highly – there's a very high margin to that business. And to make it very clear again, we just do that work for a department of a client, and we do a lot of it private now too. So, I think, whilst we've made it really clear that that is usually war related, that these things happen and let's not – this got us through COVID. I just want to remind you, we never went into debt through COVID. It is what it is, but we still think that we've got a very strong expertise in this that no one else can do. It is an extension of  corporate, I know people trying to (01:06:35) say it's different work. It so isn't different work. I just want to stress that again, we do  group (01:06:40) work. This is taking to a whole another level with more software and then the skill-set to be able to get people  in any of those (01:06:47) countries when airports are closed. And it's a bit of IP, I think and we've developed it, will lend itself well in future years. So, as far as  (01:06:57) it's the same as corporate, but very clearly what we're saying at the moment with guidance next year that we don't expect any non-related or humanitarian work, it's related to war at this stage. So, what you see is what you get. And it just, obviously, it goes through the tough years of COVID. Yeah. So, what you're really saying, Jamie, is that that humanitarian work will be a core part of your business moving forward, but that project work will be up and down based on the demands of all the different political climates, et cetera, that did exist at the time? Well, I mean, I wouldn't say – I think it's more the fact that if there is a war, it's not –  it's a knife edge for us (01:07:40), right. That's how  (01:07:41). Sure, sure. Thanks. When corporate would head up, things go off, we tend to go well through that. So, we always think about strategically long-term, how we make this business as strong as it can be and bulletproof as it can be and it served us really well the last three or four years. It's just unfortunate come off really quickly. And this is not to be confused with a bridging contract that clearly has materially underperformed its own right. Yeah, sure. Sorry. Thanks very much for the clarity. Thanks. The next question comes from Philip Pepe with Shaw & Partners. Please go ahead. Hi, all. Thanks for taking the question. Look, most of mine have been answered, which task a couple of sidebars, perhaps. American Airlines revamping their model, going back to the ancient network. How is that going back to and have you seen any impacts yet? We think it's going to work out pretty well. Obviously, they took an aggressive decision that they didn't want to value corporate distribution, and they made it pretty public that they lost  $1.5 billion (01:08:49) with that experiment. So, I think it's all going to unwind. I think it's really healthy, not just American, but for distribution of Corporate Travel. There is no doubt that through this cycle, unusually, leisure got to the same yield as corporate. That's never been the case in my 30 years, where corporate yield was always higher. It's clearly returning very quickly. Leisure has come off. That's what's driving the ticket prices down, and everyone's going back to that good old bread and butter of corporate. So, I see it as a very positive move, not just American Airlines, but for the rest of distribution. And I think all my peers would say the same thing. And you just touched on my second question. So, the impact of falling ticket prices, well publicized,  (01:09:32) TTV. What could that mean for your net revenue going forward? Yeah. Again, we've said this before, and if you look at our revenue mix in the accounts, we're very high transactional. So, it doesn't impact us very much except for Asia. As we said before, Asia with the wholesale business is a bit more like a leisure and other business, where we rely on commissions and overrides, and that does have a function more of a function of TTV, which you're seeing in Asia. Outside of that, as we've said before, we have a very low exposure to that. And you can sort of see that in the second half of America is where we lost those overrides, but it didn't impact profit too much. Excellent. Thank you. We've come to the end of our Q&A session. I'll now hand the call back to Jamie for closing remarks. Yeah. Thank you. Look, thanks, everyone. Any other questions, please send them through. We know that there's still some questions probably there. But otherwise, we'll see you during the week, but just please reach out. We want to make sure that everything's clear as it can be. But thanks for listening and have a good day. It does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            