
            Management Discussion: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Cleanaway's Financial Results Briefings for the FY 2026 Financial Year. My name is Mark Schubert and I'm joined by Paul Binfield, our CFO; and Josie Ashton, Head of Investor Relations. Moving to slide 3. Firstly, I would like to begin by acknowledging the traditional owners of the many lands in which we meet today and pay my respects to elders past, present, and emerging. The plan this morning is I'll take you through our highlights of the period and the good progress that we've been making. Then Paul will provide you with further details on the group financials, after which I will walk you through the performance of each of our operating segments and the outlook for FY 2025. I'm going to take the disclaimer as read. And so please turn to slide 5. On behalf of the entire Cleanaway team, I am pleased to report that FY 2024 was a year of execution and progress. We delivered another year of double-digit EBIT growth. We improved returns to shareholders, and we beat out FY 2024 guidance. These results highlight the underlying strength of the scale of our business, and the increased operational resilience delivered through the execution of our Blueprint 2030 strategy. During 2024, we delivered on our restoration plans, with Queensland recovery completed and the business growing again. And our health services business has been transformed with both reduced costs and increased capacity, and the business is on track to deliver its targeted FY 2025 earnings. And we can see labor productivity benefits flowing through to our financials from reduced vacancies and lower turnover. Our focus on operational excellence initiatives are gaining momentum as they shift from being plans and pilot programs to scaled ways of working codified in our branch-led operating model. Our strategic infrastructure growth projects that are expected to deliver AUD 50 million of EBIT in FY 2026 are on track, and we are progressing a number of opportunities that will deliver beyond FY 2026. Our progress over the past 12 months, coupled with the momentum we've gained in executing our Blueprint 2030 strategy, gives us confidence in our ability to continue delivering results. In FY 2025, we expect EBIT to be in the range of AUD 395 million to AUD 425 million. And in doing so, we'll deliver shareholders another year of double-digit earnings growth and improving returns. From there, we see a clear runway to our midterm ambition of more than AUD 450 million of EBIT in FY 2026. Importantly, the growth we are delivering now and into the future is the result of our efforts to build a safer, more empowered, data-enabled, and branch-led organization that will underpin a sustainable future for the group. Turning now to the financials. We have delivered a strong financial performance and improved returns to shareholders. Underlying EBIT grew at a record rate of 18.9% to AUD 359.2 million, which was ahead of guidance. This was driven by the completed recovery of the Queensland Solids, the transformation of health services, and a solid underlying performance across the group, particularly in New South Wales/ACT Solids business. CDS and LTS also delivered strong financial results for the year. Through the execution of our Blueprint 2030 operational excellence initiatives and disciplined price management, we increased our EBIT margin by 100 basis points to 11.2%. Net operating cash flow was 12.5% versus FY – was up 12.5% versus FY 2023, reflecting growth in EBITDA and lower cash outflows as costs associated with the new channel rectification were lower this year. Net profit after tax is up 14.8% and our return on invested capital was up 60 basis points to 5.5%. Earnings per share grew at 15.2% to AUD 0.076 per share, and directors have declared AUD 0.0255 per share final dividend, which will be fully franked. Moving now to safety and people on slide 7. Before I talk about what is on these slides, I do want to pause and acknowledge a tragic accident that occurred earlier this month involving one of our muni collections vehicles, where, sadly, a member of the public passed away. Any loss of life is heartbreaking. And on behalf of the entire Cleanaway team, I offer my deepest sympathy for this person's family and friends. I would also like to thank those involved on the day responding to the accident. We are taking all steps to learn from this tragic event. At the beginning of FY 2024, we set out a five-year roadmap to drive improvements in our agency performance and culture. Our roadmap is multifaceted, with a focus on risk prevention, capability building, and cultural transformation. During FY 2024, we made significant progress on the plan and in particular in relation to how we manage our critical risks and critical control. In FY 2024, we further strengthened both our controls and our assurance. We also benchmarked ourselves against comparable and available international and domestic peers in the waste and logistics industries. We found that our TRIFR, which is ranged between 3.6 to 4.6 over the last five years, was amongst best-in-class when compared with our SIFR. This led us to add serious injury frequency rate or as we call it, SIFR, to our short-term incentive measures. Adding this metric aligns with evolving industrial best practice and helps us measure our progress in addressing critical risks and controls whilst maintaining the focus on recordable injuries. A key highlight of the result is the progress that we have made in relation to our team. Our recruitment processes have improved and we've seen a significant improvement in voluntary turnover, which averaged 17.6%, down from 21.5% in FY 2023. Our vacancy levels have also continued to reduce and are currently below our historical averages. We continue to closely track first-year voluntary turnover, which keeps reducing, with the aim to get it down below 30% by the end of FY 2025. Female representation and female voluntary turnover also improved during the year, driven by direct initiatives to attract and retain female employees, as well as build a culture of respect, ownership, and connection. In the first half of FY 2024, we rolled out our mandatory Respect@Cleanaway training for all employees. We followed it in the second half with the rollout of our five guiding principles. These principles which build on each other serve as a roadmap for creating a workplace where everyone feels safe, respected, and empowered to contribute their best every day and deliver outstanding results. As announced at the first-half result, we introduced our Mission 500 incentive plan, targeting our 567 frontline leaders who don't receive LTI to align them to our stretch target of AUD 500 million of EBIT in FY 2026. Every month, we connect this group of leaders, we walk through how we are going, we share success, we ask for help, and we align around what happens next. Moving now to the environment, every day, as our purpose states, we are making a sustainable future possible together. In a world increasingly focused on sustainable solutions, we are well placed not only to make our own future sustainable, but our customers as well. Pleasingly, we had no significant environmental incidents in FY 2024, and we reduced the risk and severity of major fires through our efforts and investment in fire detection and suppression. We also reduced our methane emissions and remain on track to meet our 1.5 degrees Paris-aligned targets. We continue to seek out opportunities to accelerate the reduction of our own and our customers' emissions. We are particularly excited about the successful on-road demonstration of HVO 100, a renewable diesel, which, in our case, is made from used cooking oil and has 91% lower greenhouse gas emissions than mineral diesel. As Australia's largest waste network, we play a critical role in driving large-scale circular solutions. Over the past 12 months, we've expanded our resource recovery capacity with the launch of VIC CDS operations. We also commissioned two joint venture plants in Melbourne, which, combined, will have the ability to process over 2 billion PET bottles, 300 million HDPE milk bottles, and 200 million polypropylene ice cream tubs each year. And we are also meeting the growing demand for FOGO through the accelerated transition of Eastern Creek Organics, the renamed GRL. During FY 2024, we also partnered with Viva Energy to explore an at-scale solution for advanced recycling of soft plastics. Our scale enables us to make a significant impact on addressing Australia's waste and sustainability challenges, creating a portfolio of circular infrastructure that we can integrate together for customers and help them solve their waste and sustainability challenges. I'll now pass over to Paul for the financials. Thank you, Mark. So, starting with the group P&L, unless specified, all the comparisons I'll make will be against the prior corresponding period or PCP. So net revenue of AUD 3.2 billion was 7.7% higher, with higher revenue across all segments, primarily driven by contractual price increases and underlying organic growth. Underlying EBIT of AUD 359.2 million was 18.9% or AUD 57 million. FY 2024 is the second consecutive year in a row of EBIT growth in the high-teens. This year, EBIT growth was driven by the restoration of Queensland Solids, the transformation of Health Services, and strong growth in the New South Wales Solids and the Liquids businesses. 100-basis-point expansion in EBIT margins or 11.2% was the primary driver of the increased profitability, and throughout this presentation, you'll hear more on the benefits of our operational excellence initiatives, which were increasingly evident in our results. Net finance costs increased by AUD 19.6 million to AUD 115.7 million from higher interest rates and marginally higher average net debt. The strong EBIT growth largely dropped through to NPAT and EPS, which grew by 14.8% and 15.2%, respectively. Year-on-year underlying NPAT is AUD 170.6 million, AUD 12.4 million higher than the statutory NPAT of AUD 158.2 million, primarily due to the SaaS accounting software costs incurred as part of the Customer Connect project. The group remains comfortable with its banking covenants and has a leverage ratio of 1.89 times at year-end in line with prior year. It was also good to see the return on invested capital increase by 60 basis points to 5.5%. Now, turning now to operating cash flow, which was AUD 542.1 million, up AUD 60.3 million – up by AUD 60.3 million from the prior period and with a cash flow conversion ratio of 97.6% remaining strong. Adjusting for the cash flows associated with the underlying adjustments, net operating cash flow would have been AUD 592.8 million, an increase of AUD 22.5 million. The strong net operating cash flow performance was driven by higher EBITDA and lower cash flow associated with underlying adjustments, partially offset by higher interest payments. In FY 2025, the net cash outflow associated with underlying adjustments will be lower by approximately AUD 10 million. This net improvement to the aggregate position of costs associated with the continuation of the Customer Connect Transformation Program and the last of the New Churn rectification costs, which we currently offset by further insurance recoveries. Management of working capital continues to be a real priority in the group. And with the exception of the construction sector, where we have minimal exposure, the quality of our receivables book is excellent. As Mark said, directors declared a fully franked final dividend of AUD 0.0255 per share, taking the full year dividend to AUD 0.05 a share. The Commonwealth Government's Instant Asset Write-off program finished, and hence Cleanaway will resume paying income tax. Tax payments during FY 2025 are estimated at AUD 120 million. That's approximately AUD 95 million related to FY 2024 and about AUD 25 million related to installments for 2025. So, as a consequence, for the foreseeable future, we expect dividends will be fully franked. CapEx for the year of AUD 446 million finished within the top end of our AUD 430 million to AUD 450 million guidance range, with approximately one-third of the total or AUD 161 million being growth CapEx. During the year, we've made investments in several key strategic infrastructure projects, and these include the construction of the Western Sydney MRF, which remains on budget and on time, with commissioning expected in October and first waste in November. It's expected to start positively contributing to earnings in FY 2026, as volumes steadily ramp up. The completion of the rollout of the Victorian CDS network was again on time and on budget, with the scheme becoming operational from the 1st of November 2023. Its contribution in FY 2024 was minimal, but is expected to ramp up over FY 2025. We recognize the importance of cap allocation in driving accretive returns and are always looking to strengthen our processes. So, EBIT rather than EBITDA is used in our key performance metrics right the way through to branch managers, as it better aligns remuneration with returns on capital. We lifted our hurdle rates during the year, thereby making the capital approval process that much more demanding. We've started looking at the allocation of capital over multiple time horizons. And now we have tools from data and analytics that help to optimize our spend, particularly in relation to fleet. We're committed to a disciplined, returns-focused approach to capital allocation. In our current context of having more opportunities than organizational capacity, this sharpens our focus on selecting the growth opportunities with the highest returns. We expect CapEx for FY 2025 to be approximately AUD 400 million. And this comprises approximately AUD 250 million of maintenance CapEx and AUD 150 million for growth CapEx. And we expect our D&A for 2024 – sorry, for 2025 to be in the range of AUD 380 million to AUD 400 million. And with that, I'll hand you back to Mark, who'll take you through the segments. All right. Moving on to Solid Waste Services on slide 14. Net revenue increased 6.3% to AUD 2.2 billion, and underlying EBIT increased 18.3% to AUD 329 million. But most pleasing was the EBIT margin increase of 150 basis points to 14.8%. Net revenue growth was predominantly driven by price increases in the collections business, with support from volume growth in the CDS and Organics operations. Disciplined price increases and contractual price mechanisms more than recovered higher labor and fuel costs. However, the benefit of price increases was tempered by higher fleet repair and maintenance costs and the general inflationary environment. The improvement in voluntary turnover and reduced vacancies resulted in a reduction in subcontractor hours and supported an improvement in labor productivity metrics. Underlying EBIT growth was driven by the restoration of the Queensland business, strong performance in New South Wales/ACT, and the realization of operational efficiency benefits throughout the network. However, this growth was moderated firstly by lower landfill volumes, resulting in a moderately lower EBIT contribution from this business line, and secondly, a weaker contribution from the Construction & Demolition sector, given ongoing market challenges. The contribution from commodities and carbon was up year-on-year, predominantly because of the OCC price trending steadily higher over the period. EBIT margin expansion of 150 basis points is indicative of the benefits of operational excellence flowing through to the bottom line. The C&I business represents approximately a third of Solids segment revenue. C&I revenue increased by 7.1%, with 6% of the variation attributable to price, more than outpacing inflationary pressures and volume contributing to the remaining 1%. We have been highly strategic with our price increases this year and have leveraged our data and analytics capability to implement differential pricing across our customer base. As a result, our customer churn has been lower than it was this time last year. Furthermore, it also meant that we targeted larger uprates for those customers that were least profitable and hence cut the tail and reduced volume. Moving to slide 15. Landfill EBIT declined by 2.4% year-on-year, as our teams focused on maximizing returns at each location by focusing on price, on mix, on compaction and operational efficiency. This largely offset volumes being down 8.7% for the period. Now each of our landfills have unique and regionally driven market dynamics. In Melbourne, MRL continued to operate in a particularly competitive market, resulting in lower volumes for the period. The MRL team focused on extending West Coast to capture higher margin waste streams, and operational improvements to maximize returns. Tempering these operational improvements has been the increasing cost of  soils per cover (00:19:45), which impacted margins. We have installed a performance improvement focus on MRL similar to what we used to reset the Health business and the Queensland Solids business over the last year. Lucas Heights and Kemps Creek, our two landfills within the Sydney basin, were able to balance price and volume resulting in profitability per cubic meter improving year-on-year. By remaining focused on maximizing returns, we ultimately benefit from a cash flow perspective since we consume the airspace more slowly and hence have lower CapEx in future years since we push out the time line for developing new cells. The CDS business continues to grow. Strong volume growth was driven by the expansion of the Queensland program to include wine and spirit bottles. And CDS EBIT was up year-on-year even though it included the ramp-up costs of the Victorian CDS. Organics EBIT was up year-on-year driven by New South Wales through better leveraging the Organics network. New South Wales FOGO market is expected to continue growing as a result of the State's policy to drive landfill diversion. And as mentioned earlier, we are accelerating the transition of our ECO site to FOGO processing to meet this demand. Moving to slide 16. The Liquid Waste & Health Services segment revenue increased 13.3% to AUD 691.7 million as underlying EBIT increased 38.7% to AUD 67.7 million and underlying EBIT margin expanded 180 basis points to 9.8%. The LTS business delivered revenue growth of 16% and EBIT growth of 35.4% when compared with the prior year. During FY 2024, the team delivered a number of large scale, complex projects safely and on time, including the remediation of a large mining site, as well as a number of hazardous oil projects. LTS' technical expertise and innovative solutions are increasingly being sought after over cheaper and potentially less environmentally friendly options. And during the year, we saw a reputation as a contributing factor in securing an extension on a national product stewardship project and being appointed onto two statewide household community contracts. LTS continues to build capability to provide treatment pathways for hard-to-treat waste, including commissioning a PFAS wash water plant in Victoria. Similarly, the LTS team has integrated the Scanline Used Cooking Oil business, positioning it alongside our grease trap business and readying it for growth. Health Services revenue grew by 14.1% in FY 2024. EBIT was significantly ahead of last year as the transformation program turned this business from being loss-making in FY 2023 to being on track to complete its profitability restoration program. In FY 2025, Health is expected to deliver approximately AUD 15 million in EBIT. Our Health business is unrecognizable from a few years ago and has been transformed in terms of a lower cost base and increased capacity. The comprehensive business transformation program, which used routines, value drivers and data-driven tools in our branch optimization program, has driven EBIT margin expansion across all aspects of the value chain. Moving to Hydrocarbons, where revenue grew 2.9%, but with EBIT up 8.6%. This reflected increased deployment of parts washers to its growing customer base. EBIT margin also benefited from improved pricing discipline and a focus on selling a higher grade of re-refined base oil. As well as improving customer service and margins, our Hydrocarbons business is incredibly well-positioned to capture the exciting opportunities presented by the evolving low carbon, high circularity lubes and fuel oil market. Moving to Industrial & Waste Services, IWS, where revenue increased 7.7% to AUD 404.6 million. EBIT was AUD 26.5 million, in line with FY 2023. And EBIT margin decline 60 basis points to 6.5%. Revenue growth in the first half was strong, was supported by price increases, volume growth and the start of the multi-year national Santos service contracts. In the second half, softer market conditions led to customers deferring or cancelling projects. This impacted our IWS' financial performance due to operating leverage, where profitability is optimized when there is a high utilization of assets and staff. The second half was also impacted by the announcement of the upcoming closure of the Alcoa Kwinana site and the progressive scaling down of activity at that location. Given the current market softness, we've taken the opportunity to further align and streamline the business to future opportunities. We have restructured and simplified our East Coast IWS operations to directly support large scale customers and contracts, whilst pooling our assets and resources centrally to efficiently and programmatically be able to support these customers' turnarounds and project work. The opposite is happening on the West Coast, where growth in recent years and an attractive outlook have led us to realign our Western Australian operations so that we can focus on key customer segments and continue to grow in that way. Over the last two years, IWS has successfully rebalanced its customer book to focus on larger Tier 1 oil and gas and mining customers who value our systems and our capabilities, with the evidence point of this rebalancing being that we have doubled our oil and gas revenue over the period. This is important, because building our reputation with these customers is an important first step in securing a foothold in the decommissioning and remediation services market, which we see as an attractive long-term growth vector. Moving to Blueprint 2030 growth strategy. By now, you will be familiar with our value creation staircase, which captures how Blueprint 2030 strategic pillars combine to deliver shareholder value. The way you read the slide is we start on the left with the footprints of our prized infrastructure assets and our people, which, given our scale, grows as the economy grows. We then apply operational excellence initiatives to continuously improve our 330 branches, including programs such as Branch Optimization and Fleet Transformation. Then, in addition to improving how we operate, we use the stronger cash flow that this generates to add value-accretive infrastructure. Recent examples here would include developing FOGO processing solutions for the Sydney market through transitioning ECO to FOGO or our new Western Sydney MRF or our new IWS contracts. We then integrate our infrastructure together to provide our customers with high-circularity, low-carbon solutions in the form of scale, end-to-end customer solutions across multiple waste streams with great customer service at a value for money price. We think that when that's done well, it will be hard to replicate and will support market share growth in an increasingly sustainability focused economy. And while today we've talked about our staircase as a series of steps we're taking to achieve our mid-term ambition, we see this as an iterative and ongoing process that repeats itself and becomes an ongoing value creation staircase delivering sustained growth over time, well beyond the mid-term ambition of greater than AUD 450 million in FY 2026. Let's move to slide 21, which provides an overview of the initiatives that are driving our ability to achieve double-digit EBIT growth this year, next year, and again, in FY 2026. Starting at the top of the slide with restoration. We have delivered approximately two-thirds of the expected AUD 50 million forecast to be realized from these activities, with the final third to be delivered in FY 2025. The operational efficiency bucket are those initiatives focused on helping the business work smarter. By successfully executing these initiatives, we see the potential to exceed our AUD 50 million estimate and take our FY 2026 EBIT beyond AUD 450 million. Along the bottom of the slide in bright blue are our strategic infrastructure growth projects, for which the capital has been deployed and they are on track to contribute the forecast AUD 50 million in FY 2026. As you all have heard me say before, our EBIT results of some of the combined efforts of our 330-plus branches and our more than 7,900 strong team spread right across Australia. The branch optimization program is a key part of our improvement journey, bringing together three elements. Firstly, the performance improvement of underperforming branches, through high intensity improvement plans, SWOT teams and Lean. Secondly, creating high intensity alignment, routines and ownership for our branch-led operating model. And finally, by unlocking the power of working smarter, through programs such as fleet transformation. Together, these three elements will create not only a significant performance improvement, but importantly, build a strong platform for future continuous improvement and a growth that lives on long after we've delivered on our mid-term ambitions. In FY 2024, our Solids business delivered a 150 basis point increase in EBIT margin. A sizable portion of this expansion came from New South Wales/ACT and Queensland Solids adopting various elements of the branch optimization program. A good example of the opportunity through our branch optimization program is the doubling of EBIT margin between FY 2023 and FY 2024 at a large regional New South Wales branch through the use of SWOT teams. Now, importantly, this isn't a SWOT team takeover. It's the SWOT team having the time to help unpack what's going on at the branch and then equip the local leaders and team with the tools, the processes and the operating cadence to turn their own performance around. Another example is the 200% improvement Queensland Solids' EBIT, which is a testament to the commitment and effort of the team. Embracing the data-enabled tools such as labor dashboards and route optimization, the team improved their service levels, which then enabled price increases. They were also amongst the first the top of our branch-led operating model. Today, across the Queensland Solids network, visual management boards and a daily meeting are business as usual. And they're in the process of adding all hands monthly meetings into their operating cadence. One of the key strengths of our Blueprint 2030 led strategy is our recognition that for it to succeed, branches must be enabled to make decisions, while being supported with the necessary standardization of tools, resources, routines and capabilities to do so effectively. This is where our centrally led programs come in. When I spoke about branch optimization earlier, I mentioned the layering in of centrally developed branch-led programs. As some of you might have seen, we've detailed the Fleet Transformation initiative back in May. But to recap, our goal is to optimize running and capital cost and maximize returns by implementing a data-enabled multi-year strategy that will transform every aspect of fleet management. This includes evaluating the use of third-party providers versus owning vehicles, exploring new in-cab technologies, centralizing fleet lifecycle management, and incentivizing asset pooling when vehicles are not fully utilized. We expect this strategy to deliver significant benefits through and beyond FY 2026. We're also at the halfway point of our four-year AUD 100 million business transformation program, CustomerConnect. Through this project, we're upgrading our infrastructure and digitizing our call to cash process, thereby, creating a foundation for Advanced Analytics and AI initiatives, as well as creating a better experience for our customers and our customer-facing teams. During the second half of FY 2024, we completed the first of two releases of CustomerConnect on time and on budget. CustomerConnect is due to be completed by the end of that by 2026 and expected to deliver more than AUD 5 million in EBIT in FY 2026 and more than double that in FY 2027. Turning to the strategic infrastructure pillar. Even though projects on the slide have already been mentioned this morning, we've brought them together here as they are the foundation for this pillar to deliver around AUD 50 million by FY 2026. I do want to highlight a few points. With the opening of the VIC CDS last November, our CDS vertical, in partnership with TOMRA, has cemented our position as the leading CDS operator in Australia. The transition of our ECO site in Western Sydney from inerting red bin waste to also be able to process FOGO will be completed in FY 2025. Investing in our ECO site not only increases our exposure to the growing New South Wales FOGO waste stream, it will also increase the site's capacity by approximately 35%, underpinning growth on this site for a number of years to come. I'm looking forward to our Western Sydney MRF starting commissioning in October this year. We have used the learnings from all our other MRF to design this one. And given the lack of MRF capacity in Greater Sydney, we expected to start filling in FY 2026. And as you know, we've completed the first year of our national Santos contract and continue to see opportunities in the sector. Finally, before I move on to our scorecard and outlook, I'd like to provide an update on the strategic infrastructure projects that, while not contributing to our FY 2026 mid-term goals, are poised to deliver significant value creation for shareholders in the years beyond. In June 2024, we announced our agreement to acquire Melbourne Citywide Service Solutions Waste and Recycling business for AUD 110 million. Pending necessary approvals, including from the ACCC, Cleanaway will acquire Citywide's muni and C&I collections business and enter a 35-year lease for the Dynon Road Transfer Station, which currently sends approximately 90% of its volumes to MRL. As part of the purchase agreement, we will undertake a AUD 35 million redevelopment of the Transfer Station, with the City of Melbourne contributing an additional AUD 10 million. Once complete, the new site will have nearly double its current capacity, enabling future earnings growth and supporting volume expansions in our post-collection infrastructure. Moving our focus to Sydney where we are progressing our Lucas Heights landfill extension plan, as the only putrescible landfill in Greater Sydney and at current annual volumes, Lucas Heights airspace will be largely depleted in the early 2030s. To address this projected shortfall in airspace within the Sydney basin, we are proposing an extension to the current landfill footprint, which would increase its operational life by an additional 8 to 10 years. Our scoping report was recently submitted to the New South Wales Department of Planning, Housing and Infrastructure. Capital expenditure isn't projected for several years, as the planning and approval process will be synchronized with the projected consumption of existing capacity at the site. And lastly on Energy-from-Waste, we are progressing our role as an originator of Energy-from-Waste plants, as we leverage our ability to de-risk these projects. In FY 2024, we continued with our capital-light approach, continuing with the long-lead time work required to complete the elements that must come together before reaching a  plant (00:36:50) FID decision, which, for any of the projects we are assessing, is at least, we think, two years away. Our capital investment to-date has been relatively modest, and we remain committed to only deploy capital with a clear path to an appropriate rate of return. Moving to the scorecard, which we launched in August last year alongside our mid-term ambition. We have talked about most of the items on the scorecard already, and so I'm not going to go over them again now. The key takeaway from this slide is that our must-achieves, which are listed on the top half of the slide are on track, with one yellow being labor productivity, which we debated the color of, but decided the show is yellow. We expect it to turn green during FY 2025 as lower turnover, particularly first year turnover and lower vacancies further translates into improved productivity. We are going after the financials in the right way with our foundations largely on track. We marked safety with yellow because we want to see the lagging indicators of TRIFR and our new metric SIFR follow the strong progress we're making on our five-year plan. And finally, looking at the right-hand side of the scorecard, we're on track to deliver our mid-term ambition of greater than AUD 450 million of EBIT in FY 2026, whilst steadily improving ROIC. And that brings me to our final slide this morning, which is the outlook. We are pleased to have delivered what we said we would in FY 2024. And with the momentum of the business into FY 2025, we remain on track for our mid-term ambition. In terms of guidance for FY 2025, we expect EBIT to be between AUD 395 million and AUD 425 million. D&A is expected to be between AUD 380 million and AUD 400 million and net interest expense approximately AUD 130 million, assuming current cash growth. As noted by Paul, total CapEx for the year is expected to be approximately AUD 400 million. We would like to thank – we would like to take this opportunity to thank our more than 7,900 strong Cleanaway team, who together every day serve our customers and communities around Australia. FY 2024 was about execution, it was about progress, and it was about delivering another year of double-digit growth and improving returns to shareholders. Equally important, it was about doing what we said we would do. Our FY 2024 results demonstrate the underlying strength and scale of our business, the increasing resilience and value creation being delivered through the year on the execution of our Blueprint 2030 strategy. I'm now going to open it up for questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Jakob Cakarnis with Jarden Australia. Hi, Jakob. Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Paul. Hi, Jake. If I can just start on the Solid Waste business, please. It looks as though EBITDA margins in the second half of a net revenue basis were down 30 basis points and the rate of growth across both the EBITDA line and the EBIT line slowed materially relative to the first half. Can you just talk us through some of the competitive dynamics that you're seeing, whether or not some of those irrational pricing that you've been talking to, particularly in the Victorian market is playing through? And I guess give us an update where Veolia with the internalization of the SRN volumes, please?   (00:40:48). Yeah. I'll do the last part and I'll throw to Paul. Sure. So, SRN volumes, so Veolia is internalizing the SRN volumes. We always said that was going to happen. And so, the way it worked, Jakob, was that we went and won a large customer in Sydney that previously was supplying Veolia. They then – and we took that into SRN, obviously, and they then, that gave them the capability on the train line to take the weight that was going to our facility down to Woodlawn. So, we kind of took control of our destiny in some ways. Do you want to cover? Yeah, sure. So, I mean, in terms of the competitive landscape, perhaps if we sort of focus on our key segments of the market. So, C&I, metro, regional, C&I represents about 40% of solids on a revenue basis. As you can see, we've seen revenue growth over the period being just over the 7% mark, roughly 6% price, 1% volume. So, the focus we're taking here, Jake, is all about, all about the EBIT and not about chasing volumes. So, we've been very focused in terms of our price increases. And again, this is one of the real benefits we're seeing coming through in terms of data analytics, in the sense that we are now able to really focus our price increases on reflecting the profitability of the customer. So, where we've got a particularly profitable customer, we like it. We have very, a very modest price increase. Those that are less profitable, we'll often give a significantly higher increase. And thereby, that naturally results in a degree of cutting of the tail. So, again, we're pretty lost in volume in that regard as well. The importantly overall, though, in terms of that business, fair to say that the churn, so, customer churn was actually down year-on-year. So, again, testament to the fact we're being far more targeted in terms of our upgrades. In terms of landfills, I think we've – I think Mark's comments pretty extensive similar story to what you saw in the first half in terms of New South Wales performing really well. So, essentially, using price as an important lever. Yes, we've seen volumes come off there. But frankly, its volume we didn't want. It was not profitable volume. I think probably intensity in terms of MRL has increased. So, the team have been focused very much around mix, so again, trying to bring in a greater proportion of that, the tougher-to-treat waste codes and therefore improve profitability. We really have suffered in terms of – project volumes are down a  (00:43:39). We're seeing some of our source volumes coming off as still washing facilities elsewhere in the city are taking some of those volumes. And obviously, VIC is probably a bit further progressed than other areas around FOGO. So, we're seeing greater FOGO diversion coming in there as well. We have seen increased cost around landfill materials, has absolutely impacted the profitability of MRL. In fact, to the point, we've seen MRL profitability has come off. We're really not – we're not happy with how the assets are performing right now, and put a very thoughtful focus in terms of a performance improvement plan in place, not dissimilar to what you see us do with Queensland and Health over the prior year. Thanks for that, guys. That was a very detailed description. Just two more for me before I hand it over. If I just go back to slide 17, Mark, you said that you're expecting an EBIT contribution of AUD 15 million in that Health Services business. I think some may have misread prior statements where you've said by the fourth quarter of 2024, you'd be at that AUD 15 million run rate. Can I just confirm that that AUD 15 million is an annual number? And am I right in stripping out that the rest of that Liquid Waste & Health (sic) [Liquid Waste & Health Services] (00:44:56) EBIT that you've reported in 2024 is related to the Liquid Waste business stand-alone? Yeah. Well, the way you should think about it is, we hit the run rate in FY 2024 in the fourth quarter. So, we were running at an annualized rate in the quarter of AUD 15 million. It doesn't mean we delivered AUD 15 million in the quarter, it's the annualized rate, right? In FY 2024, Health delivered sort of AUD 5 million, AUD 6 million, AUD 7 million, something like that. Have that in your mind. And in FY 2025, that number will become AUD 15 million  (00:45:28) between the Health performance in FY 2024 and what should be expected in FY 2025. You correctly then basically say, well, if Health delivered, say, AUD 7 million, whatever it is in FY 2024, the rest comes from Hydro and Liquid Technical Services business. Cool. One – yeah. Thank you. Thanks for that, Mark. One final one just for Paul. The net interest guidance of AUD 130 million, does that include anything for Citywide? Obviously, you guys are still subject to ACCC approval there, but just noting, is there some upside risk if that ACCC approval is granted to that net interest guidance please? Yeah. So, essentially, that assumes nothing from Citywide. And again, I think as we've been fairly clear, it also assumes just no rate change either. So, if there are reductions towards the tail end of the year, that obviously will give us that uplift as well. Am I right in thinking though that delta from Citywide still at AUD 8 million  market please (00:46:35)? Yes. Well, in terms of the interest, appropriate a bit less than that, Jake. So, you're talking average sort of  cost of debt (00:46:43) around the 6% mark consideration, repetitive positive 5.5%. So, we've got about another AUD 104.5 million to go, should we be successful. Thanks, guys. I'll hand it over. Your next question comes from Amit Kanwatia with Jefferies. Hi, Amit. Good morning, guys. Congrats on the solid result. Just thinking about fiscal 2025 and maybe if you can talk to key elements on revenue growth. And then also just you've got a wide guidance for EBIT. Maybe if you can talk to swing factors within that guidance range. Sure. So, I mean, the building block – I think you're talking about one of the building blocks that you get to the FY 2025 number. So, again, I'll sort of talk about them in the three buckets, I think it's the easiest. So, in terms of the restoration bucket, obviously, that'll deliver the remaining. And if you remember what I said, we said two-thirds of the rest of our bucket got delivered in FY 2024, so it's one-third to go. So, I think AUD 15 million to AUD 20 million of resto, of which, like to the previous question, I said about AUD 10 million of that is Health, so the remainder is labor. In the ops efficiency bucket,  actually, I'll come back (00:47:58) to that one. In the strategic infrastructure bucket, you'll start to get what you'll see there is you'll see the full year of the Santos contract. You'll see big feed, yes, ramping in, whereas it was really only starting up and had startup costs in FY 2024. Same with Scanline. Scanline, kind of, had costs offsetting revenue because it was the startup year, and that'll contribute in FY 2025. And then, you'll just see contract growth coming for in strategic infrastructure line. And then ops sufficiency is the balancing one that will really be the one that sort of delivers a lot of the range. And really that's the momentum from branch optimization and the fleet strategy will be the big drivers in there. So, that's how you get to that range. We don't really think that range is really that big, I guess what I'd say. I think sort of a AUD 30 million range on sort of AUD 400-odd million is not, we don't think, overly outstanding. Thank you. Very useful. Just a couple more from me. Just on the contract pipeline, and appreciate you've got longer dated muni and C&I contracts. But maybe, if you can talk to your contract activity during the period, and also give us a sense on the key upcoming contract renewals, but also some of the key tender opportunities you see in the market. Yes. So, in terms of the tender year, pretty fair to say it was fairly muted, Amit. I think in terms of muni, in particular, you've seen us talk about the focus that we've got around returns and capital allocation. I think we're looking at our current muni portfolio feeling that we've probably got a good balance of muni. There's no need to sort of go out there and chase new contracts. So, we've been very selective in terms of what we're looking at in that space. In terms of national accounts, again, a fairly muted year in terms of – no sort of significant major accounts, albeit we've won probably more than we've lost. So, again, a fairly pretty good year in that regard as well. Right. And just a final one, just on the corporate cost, I think second half, that is up around AUD 9 million. Maybe if you can talk what's happening there. And how should we be thinking about that for fiscal 2025? Well, maybe in terms of corporate costs, what I'd say is the benefit is the mid-term ambition and the year-on-year EBIT growth. And that requires a capability to be invested in to deliver. So, you're right to say corporate costs have increased, and they've increased as we look at investing in that capability. Easy example there would be things like the investments we're making in data and analytics, the investments we're making in carbon, the investments we're making in decommissioning service to see those businesses and bring in real capability that can manage and grow those businesses in a pragmatic and practical way. Is there anything else we'd add on that? No. I think  (00:51:28). Yeah. I guess probably it, Amit. All right. Useful. Thank you. Thanks, Amit. All right. Next one? Your next question comes from Lee Power with UBS. Hi, Lee. Hi, Mark. Hi, Paul. Mark, just following up from Jacob's question, like how far away do you think we are from the end of this kind of dynamic in meaning of volume erosion, erosion, as you kind of hold the line on price? And the reason I ask is, Veolia at their result obviously talk to strong contract wins, but they also seem to be pushing more around strong pricing and kind of some of the same kind of discussion around pricing that you are as well? Yeah, I mean, I think if I look at what Veolia was saying, I mean, Veolia seems to be on a revenue band, with this X percent compound revenue growth target over the next three years, that's not our band. That's old days. We're focused on EBIT and EBIT growth. And like Paul said, we're very targeted on the returns. We just don't – we don't want revenue for the sake of revenue or volume for the sake of volume. I think similarly what Paul said around, like for example, muni, I think we feel like we've got a good balance of muni contracts. We're very thoughtful about any new muni contract. Just imagine a new muni contract that is simply set up a branch, run some trucks for 10 years. And so, a community is probably relatively speaking on what we could invest in low return, probably relatively low risk as well, and we've got a portfolio of projects that we could otherwise invest into. And particularly, as that muni contract doesn't have sort of a C&I branch that we could attach to it because we might already be servicing that area. So, we're very thoughtful about muni and getting that capital allocation piece right given our current portfolio of muni contracts. Thanks. And then, just on the OCC contribution into the result, is there some idea you can give us around what that actually contributed this year? Yeah, we've not called it out, Lee, but I think fair to say, if you look at what happened in 2023, you had that significant volatility in OCC price, and we had – and that resulted in – at some points, the rebates we were paying to customers at a higher level than the price we were getting in the market. 2024 for us was actually exactly the reverse. It was a really good year in the sense it was a year of steadily increasing prices over the term, which is – typically works best for us. The focus that we have is we try and avoid price risk, avoid the market risk, and our focus is on volumes. So, historically, although we had relatively flat OCC volumes over the year, but steadily increasing price. So, it made a good and stable contribution and more akin to what we would expect to see in future years relative to 2023, which was a bit of a rollercoaster. Yeah. So, the net – I think you called out  net 14 (00:54:42) negative impact in 2023. So, we should just be thinking that's the opposite into 2024? Yeah. I think we gave you figures for 2023, both first half and second half. And I think that'll give you a pretty good indication as to a bad year for us, and obviously we've delivered a better outcome in terms of 2024. Okay. Perfect. And then, finally, just on IWS, like the second half was obviously impacted by  some stuff in WA (00:55:12) with deferred projects and  (00:55:14). Like, how do we think about that into FY 2025 given that kid of east-west dynamic that you talked about, Mark? Yeah, I mean, we're not guiding IWS by itself. We're kind of guiding Cleanaway. But what I'd say is, the guidance seems sort of, A, I wouldn't say it's a strong improvement in the IWS business, we're pretty conservative there. That said, we're doing a lot of work on the IWS business. We've already completed a lot of work and there's more to go around restructuring that business appropriately for the future. I think this thing that we saw with sort of major projects and turnarounds were deferred by major customers. I think my view would be that can only occur for a period of time, after which that work will need to be done. So, I think it will come back. It's just a matter of exactly when and in what form. So, I think what we're doing and what we're focused on is rightsizing IWS, and I think really getting thoughtful about how we approach that – the ability to do that major turnaround piece. And I think simplistically in the past, each branch would hold a surge capacity in order to complete project and turnaround work. Now, what we do is, we centralize that surge capacity in one place and program it in a really efficient way. And the branches just hold what they need for the base load, if that makes sense, and of course, that leads to a lower-cost approach and one that we can really manage the operating leverage  of (00:56:53). That makes sense. Thank you. Appreciate the color. Cool. Thank you. So, our next question comes from Nick Daish with RBC. Hi, Nick. Thanks, guys. Just a – hey. Yeah. Just a quick question. Just on margins, obviously, was at 11.2%, the growth for the full year. That implies quite a strong second half. I think my math gets me 11.7%. Think, historically, you've spoken to a 12.0% business as usual margin. Can you – I know you're not guiding to our margin for FY 2025. But could you give us some feel for the things that we should be considering heading into FY 2025 as it relates to margins, please? Yeah. Sure. I mean, it's not going to be a dissimilar answer to what I answered before around the building blocks. But I think what will help margin in FY 2025 will be, obviously, the Health business having a full year of the Q4 run rate. It'll be the labor improvement that we continue to see that I sort of talked about, at least, in that resto bucket, but that will then, obviously, continue to flow and improve beyond the resto bucket size. I think, all the entire ops efficiency bucket is margin – is very high margin work, because there's virtually no capital or base associated with that work. It's all about working smarter as opposed to new equipment. So, I think that will continue to flow through. And then, you'll see over time the – some of the margins will improve through things like, you imagine like the VIC CDS starts up, but it's only starting up and it's got the – and it's got its costs – its startup costs embedded. So, it's not as high margin as it will be during FY 2025. Scanline similarly comes in, you've got integration costs, which are all sitting in the result. Again, it'll be free of that in the full year, those sorts of things. So, those will also contribute. I think what will drag margin down, for example, in FY 2025 will be two things. And I think it's worth understanding this, because that'll reverse out in FY 2026 and that'll be the Western Sydney MRF will come on and it will have startup costs and a ramp-up. So, it won't have as high margins in 2025 as it will in 2026. And similarly, ECO, otherwise known as GRL, is again will have the transition costs associated with it in 2025, but then you'll start to see it really ratchet in 2026 as well. So, hopefully, that gives you some color as to how the margins will continue to improve. They very much so. Thank you. The only other one was just the landfill dynamic. I mean, you've covered it to some degree. But I'm interested in, it sounds like Melbourne is a very competitive pricing market right now, which you're  comfortably lower returning volumes go (00:59:47). I'm just interested in the compaction comments and profitability in New South Wales. Is that a case of bringing those sites up to standard in your view? Or is that over and above what your other landfill assets are performing at in New South Wales specifically? Well, I think the New South Wales assets are performing to standard. And I don't think – I mean, they were well-operated. They're better operated now. If you remember, the compaction comment in the past around the SRN assets was the fact that we had a contractor there who was motivated by saving fuel as opposed to what we were motivated by, which was burning fuel to get compaction. And those two horizontally opposed. We took – we got rid of the contract and now we do it ourselves. So, we internalized that work and therefore they're not earning a margin or paying a margin on that work. I think the New South Wales story is that we keep pushing the pricing frontier there. So, we know exactly where volume goes to different locations. We push price that has reduced volume, like Paul said, so unprofitable customers were not interested in. It's improved EBIT, but it's also improved EBIT per cube. And so, we're pretty pleased with the way New South Wales is playing out. Of course, that has the benefit of an improved cash flow, because we don't need to build the next  (01:01:10) Yeah. Got it. Okay. Great. Thank you very much. Congrats on the results. Thank you. Your next question comes from Cameron McDonald with E&P. Good afternoon, guys. Just a couple of questions for me.  (01:01:26) land, you had the landfill side of it. Are we right to sort of say that given those comments, all of the headwind is actually MRL and Sydney is not any sort of drag at all? I think what I'll say is, yeah, definitely the drag is in Victoria. I think, yeah, it's kind of like, if you look at our landfill portfolio, we have three really large landfills and then the rest tend to be almost of what I would class as a regional landfill, where we've got a landfill site in WA, but it's  (01:02:02) near Margaret River. We've got one in Adelaide, but again it's an hour's drive out of the CBD. So, again, they tend to be more regional. So, therefore, we kind of focus on New South Wales and Victoria. That'd be the first comment. I think, in Victoria, what we're saying, just to be crystal clear, is what the team is doing is the team is working on mix, which is making sure we've got the toughest forms of waste coming in there that, obviously, then have the highest price. We are seeing the impact of project volumes coming off just where the big build and some of those stuff just has been deferred or slowed down. We're seeing less soils because of less C&D activity, and we're seeing the impact of FOGO, where  (01:02:47) FOGO that comes out of the red bin and obviously then doesn't go to the  landfill (01:02:50). With a bit less volume, then you're seeing a bit more competition for the lower volume that's available. I think then, at the same time, we're seeing some costs go up around  soil source, supply costs for daily cover (01:03:04), and that leads to a decline in overall EBIT from MRL. That said, we have pretty deep experience around landfills, and we've got a lot of ideas as to what we might do and what will work. I think, hear it from Paul and I, we're dissatisfied with MRL performance. And so, therefore, we put a team in place and a program of work that has the same intensity as what we put in place for Queensland and Health Services. So that will yield some benefits, and we'll talk you through as we go over the coming sort of sessions when we get together. And just on that, I mean, you've said Queensland is now back to profitability. What's the delta on Queensland from the low? Well, it's about AUD 15 million would be the contribution of the restoration of the Queensland business is the way you should think about it. So, maybe I'll help you with this, if you want me to help you in this way, Paul said something like two-thirds of the AUD 50 million in resto has been delivered. The way you get to that is you go AUD 10 million from Health, AUD 15 million from Queensland, and AUD 5 million to AUD 10 million from labor. That's how you get to that two-thirds. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And so that's basically locked in now for FY 2025? Yeah. And then we build on that. Yeah. That's right. So then, during 2025, we'll get the full year benefit of Health, yeah. We'll get Queensland, and Queensland will then just switch to sort of underlying growth, because that business is now poised for growth where they've lowered the cost base and got the capacity  that got good price (01:05:01) and understand what they're doing and they've reset the business. Yeah. So, sorry, just to be clear, though, that sort of AUD 15 million, AUD 10 million and AUD 10 million to AUD 15 million that you've highlighted, that is incremental in FY 2025 on an annual run rate basis? No, that's the two-thirds that was delivered in FY 2024. Okay. Yeah. So that's locked in, yeah, because  (01:05:29)... Yeah. Yeah. ...again in 2025, but it won't be new. And then what you see is  (01:05:35)... Yeah. Yeah. You should get the uplift. Exactly. That's right. Yeah. So there's another third to come? Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Okay. And then, in terms of the building block out to 2026, interested as to – you've got all of these programs. And you can talk very articulately around getting to the greater than the AUD 450 million. What are you waiting for to actually sort of guide to a more specific sort of headline number, given that all of the internal targets are actually AUD 500 million? Well, I think –  that's the (01:06:27) question. So, well, I think what we're saying is, today, we installed another step on the staircase, yeah. So, if you remember how this has worked, we had AUD 302 million in FY 2023, AUD 359 million in FY 2024 and in FY 2025, we're saying AUD 395 million to AUD 425 million, and then in FY 2026, we're saying greater than AUD 450 million, externally. Internally, the team is focused on  Mission 500 (01:06:51). I think what we're just saying is what will swing that number from AUD 450 million to AUD 500 million will be how hard we can get the branch optimization and the fleet strategy rolled out and the associated advanced analytics. So, really, if you want to build that staircase, you've got things in that ops excellence bucket like fleet, data and analytics, CustomerConnect, branch optimization, decommissioning services, landfill gas capture, and those are all – those things are all what we call the chevron slide, but it's the three rows of chevrons that move across the page, which are trying to give you the clues as to what's in that supersized bucket, which is the middle one, that gets you in that AUD 450 million to AUD 500 million range. And so, just to be clear, though, Mark, that you've basically got AUD 50 million in each one of those buckets. Yeah. Is that – that is AUD 50 million  (01:08:01) over FY 2025? No. No, no. It's AUD 50 million – if you look at the slide, it started at AUD 302 million, yeah. And it's three lots – it's basically two buckets of AUD 50 million, plus one bucket that's greater than AUD 50 million that gets you to the greater than AUD 450 million in FY 2026, yeah. So, it was off – it was all – that whole slide hangs off AUD 302 million in FY 2023, last year's result, the FY 2023 result, August, where we launched the mid-term ambition to translate Blueprint 2030 into a financial set of numbers that shareholders could follow. Yeah. Okay. Great. Thank you. All right. Your next question comes from Scott Ryall with Rimor Equity Research. Hi. Thank you. I was wondering, you've talked a lot to the focus on EBIT as opposed to top line, which is great. One of the things that I try to do always with Cleanaway is look at the organic growth versus acquisition-led. And I don't you expect you to necessarily quantify. But is it fair to say that the EBIT growth delivered in fiscal 2024 is probably got the greatest mix of organic growth that – for quite some years? Is that a fair comment? I mean, obviously, prior to both your times, but I'm just wondering if you can... Yeah. You've obviously looked at financials longer-term. So, I was just wondering if that would be a reasonable reflection, please?   (01:09:44) say 2024 compared to 2023, and we've got two additional months of the ECO business, which is frankly pretty small. And then Scanline, I think we might – we'd say the contribution to Scanline in 2024 was pretty much nil, because the integration costs pretty much wiped out any of the underlying EBIT. So, essentially, all of that growth was organic. Yeah. But looking back, just it looks to me like a quite a standout year in terms of organic versus acquisition. I take what you said that all the growth is organic. But if you look back kind of 5 years to 10 years, I can't remember a year where organic growth has been anywhere near that. Is that –  I don't want to be a (01:10:30) peace in your pocket, but that feels to me like a bit of a step-out year to me. Well, I think – I mean, we think maybe we grew in part. So, I think we think it is a standout year in terms of delivering what we said we're going to do. I think, and beating guidance, I think we don't think about the business as let's look at what we acquired and how that's performing versus the organic business, because we kind of go through that as soon we've acquired it and it is organic from that point forward. And it's often, if it's infrastructure like the SRN assets or whatever, it is so then integrated into the business, it's actually quite hard to strip it out and see it. Okay. Then, hopefully, two relatively easy ones. On slide 17, you're talking about the Hydrocarbons business and the refocus. How big can that business be in terms of the ambition? And I'm talking three to five years, not in the next 12 months? Well, I think – good question. I mean, it's kind of – it can be bigger than it is today, yeah. That is a relatively small part of Cleanaway at a scale level. I think, we've got plans that see that business grow by a third in terms of EBIT over the next couple of years. We are really excited about this global vector, which  utilize sort of around (01:12:01) like circular loops – low carbon loops. And  (01:12:06) to the US to see what major companies are doing, acquiring businesses that look like our Hydro business because of the life cycle analysis that's been done on the loops that then allows major blenders to be able to package that up as low carbon loops to mining customers. So, we're really excited about the vector, and we're preparing the business  will unfold (01:12:32) that future. Okay. Great. And then the Western Sydney MRF that's coming on this year. Can you just remind me of the process that it has taken in terms of approvals and all of this? Just how long that's taken to come into operations by the time it opens in the second half? I think approvals would have been about a year of approvals. And then, I mean, these things are not that complicated  (01:13:02). It's not like building energy from waste. Yeah, it's probably a year to build it. You build the shed and then you put the equipment in, and then a lot of fire systems and that sort of thing, but it's all within a fairly nondescript shed. It's a really great location, and we will get investors out there ultimately to see exactly where it is, because kind of like as the traffic comes in from the west of Sydney, we're kind of at that Blacktown turnoff, which is really need before you have to get into the real traffic to find other people's MRF. So, we're excited by – we're excited about  (01:13:35) at MRF, that we have put everything we know about MRF into one place. And so, the attraction of the asset is more location as opposed to the ability to replicate it elsewhere? If the location is very powerful, it'll be the yield from that facility. It's yield will naturally be higher because of the equipment that we've installed. We're also connected to the Circular Plastics facility. So, we will channel very high quality commodity streams straight into the circular plastics plant in Albury, but also the HDPE and PP1 in Laverton. And so, it'll have this really neat circular solution where you'll be able to say, hey, if we do your co-mingle waste in Sydney, it'll go – firstly, it will go through that facility. So bring your schoolkids and we'll do a school tour around what does recycling look like. But secondly, look at the circular solution where you can guarantee, this is what happens to your PET bottles, your PET ice cream containers, and your HDPE milk bottles which will then go food grade. So we have a fantastic offering to, in particular, councils in Sydney. Okay. Great. Thank you. That's all I had. Great. All right. Your next question comes from Peter Steyn with Macquarie. Good morning. Good morning, Mark. Hi, Pete. Thanks very much for your time. And just two quick questions for me. Mark, could you elaborate, the last time we spoke there was pretty meaningful change indicated by the Victorian Government around grants and levies. How your thinking around the economics of energy from waste has evolved? I appreciate it's longer term. But just keen to get a bit of an update on what that's done to economics in the context of where things are at in that market. Yeah. Well, I think  (01:15:44). Apologies, I didn't catch it. Is that a – that's a Victoria question, I'm assuming. Yeah, exactly. Just Victorian energy from waste in the context of the levy move. Yeah. Well, I think – I mean, I think what we said last time holds true. We think the levy move, which was on the day of, I think, Macquarie Conference, that's a big help. It gets levies very close to making energy from waste work. I think we'll see the Victorian Government continue to increase levies up to New South Wales levels. That's certainly what we think. I think probably every time we seem to talk there's some good news. I think the good news yesterday was that the same  (01:16:32) group of councils, which is nine councils that attended  (01:16:36) signed back in 2018 for energy from waste services signed up to the Maryvale facility for 25 years. And also, we had minimum volume contracts that you take with those. So, that should really set a benchmark for councils in Victoria. So, you're seeing that benchmark get hit. You also see the Albury facility now is pretty much full, we think. And so, that puts us in a really good position for, sort of, a build of councils for that. So, I think that's exciting and that also kind of says that the economics are starting to work. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. That's great extra color. And then just on your voluntary turnover so that we can delineate a general loosening of labor markets... Yeah. ...from what you're doing, could you give us a bit of a sense of engagement scores or any other indicators that really point to some of the cultural evolution that you're trying to inculcate, Mark? Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, obviously we've been using voluntary turnover as kind of like a proxy for engagement because we didn't do an engagement survey until last year. Yeah. So, we're seeing voluntary turnover dropping. So, overall, voluntary turnover is, sort of, down below, sort of, that 17% level. We'll drive – we want to get it down to, sort of, 15% not because there's a particular science around that number. We just think that's a that's a good number, it seems to be, where we've seen it at a historical low in the past, but also where others tend to get to. We're seeing vacancy levels are down below 200  (01:18:37). If you remember, it wasn't that long ago where we were over 1000, so that's indicative. We're seeing productivity improvement, so we're seeing the benefits of that, that the team is reducing the use of expensive sub-contractors, and we can see what this metric that we call shifts greater than 10 hours declining. That's an important metric because at 10 hours  (01:19:06) when the clock clicks over 10 hours, we pay for break at double time and we also start paying double time. And so we really want our shifts to be less than 10 hours, we don't want them to be 7.6 hours either, we kind of want the team to be working for 9.5 hours because we understand the impact of that overtime on people's take home pay at the end of the week. So we designed it around that, so when we're seeing shifts greater than 10 hours declining. So that's really good news. Well, that's what we're using to underpin that productivity based improvement. So, I mean, all that says, we're managing to maintain the workforce and let people leave is good thing. In terms of engagement score, it's difficult to benchmark engagement scores between years at Cleanaway because in the past the approach was it was compulsory. Sorry, it was not compulsory, it was,  (01:20:04) the engagement score was part of SDI. And so, therefore – and this year is not part of SDI. And so, you can imagine the approach that might be taken if engagement is part of SDI versus a year where it's entirely voluntary, I mean to say, if you time, and you're inclined to, we'd love to hear your feedback in the engagement score. So we saw engagement score got down, it's not a secret. I think we put it out on the Sustainability Report it was 62. It was a bit below the average. But that said, that was - at that point in time, we hadn't rolled out guiding principles, and we were still in the middle of Respect@Cleanaway works. So I think we'll see that trend up, but we're not – it's not the number one thing we use to judge whether it's happening. And it can be also quite time-based. You do it once a year at a point in time as opposed to posting it on a regular basis. Yeah, yeah. Fundamentally, it sounds like you're really comfortable with the direction there, so we don't need to worry that it's just the labor market dynamic that's playing out. No. And I think the other thing is we've seen a lot less sort of IR style action as well. And whereas in the past, we hadn't that large backlog of expired enterprise agreements, which also meant we're having protected action, and our teams don't like protected action just like we don't like it and that was driving turnover as well. Yeah. Fantastic. Thanks. I'll leave it there. Appreciate it, Mark. All right. Thank you. Your next question comes from Rob Koh with Morgan Stanley. Hi, Rob. Hi, guys. Good afternoon. So I joined your call late because I was on one of your customer's calls. And so if I'm asking a silly question, just let me know and move on. I guess my first question relates to PFAS, which is, I guess sadly close to all of us. Can you maybe give us a sense of how much technology evolution you're looking at? And are you looking to get ahead of policy here or are you following policy? I think probably a little bit of both would be the honest answer. So we have PFAS treatment capability today in two locations. One would be at  (01:22:34). We've got PFAS-contaminated soil capability at Inkerman Landfill in South Australia. And we – and that's really good if you're dealing with, say, Department of Defense or airport contaminated soil that we can take large volumes into there and manage it in a really thoughtful way. In Campbellfield, which is here in Victoria, we've built and recently commissioned a PFAS ozone fractionation plant. I won't do the chemistry lesson with you but can do. And that plant is there to treat the wash waters that are on - that we would naturally process through that facility, but it has been sized in a way that it can process third-party wash waters as well. And so the game there is kind of do it for yourself, for your base business, and then grow it for others, and that's a plant that certainly the Victorian government is keen on ensuring that others use, not it's available. So that's the kind of game there. And then, interestingly up in Newtown, where I was the other day, we've got a water treatment plant there to deal with surface water and whatnot, that has also got the fast treatment capability embedded into it. So, a range of technology is available. That space is moving pretty fast. Our intention is to have a portfolio of equipment that we can use for ourselves but also offer throughput for others. Okay. Many thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Honest and thoughtful seem to be the watchwords for these answers as always. Appreciate it. If I can just clarify my understanding of your maintenance CapEx guidance, kind of, looking at around the AUD 250 million mark this year versus AUD 283 million last year, minus the AUD 50 million benefit from fleet. Does that imply that you're seeing a bit of cost escalation in your maintenance expenditure or if I misunderstood the numbers? I think, Rob, if you look at the math, it literally is sort of almost in the rounding in the sense. I think our guidance was for D&A is AUD 380 million to AUD 400 million, so the midpoint there is AUD 394 million, so 75% of that. Then if you subtract AUD 50 million, I think you end up with something like – it ends up being about AUD 42.5 million reduction. So, we're keeping the numbers simple. In terms of CapEx, a lot of it depends on opportunity at the margin. So we're giving ourselves some flexibility. But as we said back at the Macquarie Conference in May, our focus is keeping maintenance CapEx AUD 50 million lower each and every year going forward. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And I appreciate you keeping the numbers simple because I'm a simple man. Maybe if I can also just double check my understanding of your growth CapEx guidance because, I guess, if you get approvals for citywide, that's AUD 110 million plus the extra development. That's additional to the AUD 150 million that you're guiding to for growth. Yes. Yeah, it is. Okay.   (01:25:51). ...remember the footnote in the scorecard also that says major M&A, greater than AUD 50 million is additive, that's additive to everything, additive to EBIT, additive to all parts. Yeah, yeah. Okay.   (01:26:07-01:26:14). Yeah. Yeah. Understood. Yeah. No, that's good. So, I guess and I've done a back of the envelope, but it looks like in your REM report that your ROIC targets are staying the same for your FY 2025 scheme. And – but that does kind of suggest with your current EBIT guidance that you'll be at the top end of that ROIC range, which would be great outcome, good problem to have, but is that roughly how you're thinking about it? I've not seen the back of your envelope, Rob, so hard to make that judgment. I guess the key thing is, if I look at this time last year when we set the LTI targets for the three years through FY 2026, I think we were pretty clear then that the ROIC target there at the top end of that range is around the AUD 500 million mark. Or the top end of that range reflected hitting that AUD 500 million. So the payout was – the stretch target reflected AUD 500 million of EBIT roughly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I guess I've got a AUD 5 billion denominator and AUD 400 million numerator. And so that's where I'm coming out. But, yeah, we can double check that offline if you like. Thank you... Yeah. And that's it for me. Thank you. Thank you, Rob. Your next question comes from Nathan Lead with Morgans Financial. Hi, Nathan. Good day, Mark and Paul. Two or three questions for me, if you don't mind. Just first on cost of capital. I just noticed that you've got your net finance cost guidance of AUD 130 million. So it's up quite a bit from the AUD 100 million – well, AUD 115 million, AUD 116 million for FY 2024. So just wondering what's causing that, particularly given there's no material refinancing exposure until – for FY 2027? Yeah. So you've got a small increase in average net debt forecast over the year. And clearly, a key driver of that is that we're assuming paying tax. So, again, I think we've been fairly clear saying, we're paying all of our FY 2024 tax in 2025, and we're recommencing installment payments as well. So our tax payments to 2025 are a little elevated, that's again, I'll say, a reflection of the cessation of the international write-off scheme. We've had an interest rate increase in the prior year around October-November, so we'll obviously have a full year of that, because we've taken the very conservative assumption that basically rates will stay on hold at their current level for the full year. You also get a bit of a natural pick-up in terms of interest expense, too, because you have a number of leases. And of course, as those leases roll off, we typically have lower interest rate leases rolling off, being replaced by leases at higher rates of interest. So again, that gives you a natural pick-up. But we've tried to give a fairly conservative view in terms of our expectations about interest expense for the full year. And obviously, if the RBA reduced rates earlier, then we'll benefit both in terms of the actual cash interest rate, but also non-cash as well. Yeah. Got you. Okay. Second,  (01:29:31) question here. But your FY 2025 guidance and then obviously you've got your FY 2026 targets, you're lying at some pretty strong growth expectations. And you've got a bullish story beyond FY 2026. But if I look at the EBITDA or the earnings growth forecast you've got for the next five years, that sit in the impairment testing note. It looks like they've been pulled back reasonably materially. Seems like they're implying now like EBITDA CAGR sort of through to FY 2029 or something like mid-single-digit. So my question for you is, what caused the reduction in the growth? And secondly, if we've got strong growth in the short term, but like any mid-single digit for the five years, what sitting out further in the outer years that causes the lower growth levels? Yeah. Okay. Couple of things. More than a couple of things, I could go on for a while here, Nathan. But to keep short, if you're comparing that note disclosure this year from prior year, you also got a situation where you've had a really substantial step-up in the current year, so the base is that much higher. So, obviously, future rates are that much lower. The other key point to it is obviously we have really substantial headroom when it comes to impairment testing and therefore sitting down with an audit that's talking about relatively modest rates of growth for impairment testing is a whole heap easier than sticking in what management sort of detailed long-term plans are. So, we'll naturally take a far more conservative approach around impairment testing than we would where we're sitting and looking at business plans. Okay. All right. Thank you. That's it. Thanks, Nathan. Thanks, Nathan. That's the end of the question. Yes. There are no further questions at this time. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            