
            Management Discussion: Good morning and thank you for joining Cleanaway's First Half Results Briefing for the 2025 Financial Year. My name's Mark Schubert. I'm joined by Paul Binfield, our CFO; and Josie Ashton, our Head of Investor Relations. This morning, we're going to cover our strong financial results, our pleasing operational and strategic progress, and conclude with some comments on the outlook. Cleanaway continues to demonstrate strong execution, consistent growth and a commitment to improving operational excellence. We are confident in our ability to deliver ongoing EBIT growth and margin expansion, and in so doing, create sustainable long-term value for our shareholders. Before I move on, I would like to acknowledge the traditional owners of the lands on which we operate all around the country and pay our respects to elders past and present. I'm going to take the disclaimer as read, and please therefore turn to slide 6. Our results for the first half FY 2025 highlight our disciplined approach to execution, operational excellence and financial performance. I am pleased to report that Cleanaway has delivered shareholders double-digit EBIT growth, sustainable margin expansion, EPS and DPS growth, and improved ROIC. Net revenue grew by 4.6% compared to the prior corresponding period, reflecting the resilience of our business and the effectiveness of our pricing discipline. Underlying EBIT increased by 12.2% to AUD 195.2 million, driven by the growth in Solid Waste Services and Liquid Waste and Health Services. This growth was moderated by Industrial and Waste Services or IWS, which as expected continued to experience the challenging market conditions that emerged in the second half of FY 2024 and persisted into the first half. Having rapidly restructured this business and taken the opportunity to further reposition its focus on Tier 1 resource contracts, this business is showing signs of recovery and is on track to return to its first half FY 2024 earnings run rate in Q4 of this financial year. Our group EBIT margin expanded 80 basis points to 11.8% versus the pcp, and that's evidence that our operational excellence efforts are delivering tangible and sustainable financial benefits. Net operating cash flow was down 28.4% due to the resumption of tax payments. Net operating cash flow before the payment of tax was up 10.7%. Underlying net profit after tax and underlying EPS were up 13.7% and 13.5%, respectively, with our ROIC continuing to improve, up 40 basis points to 5.7%. Our directors have declared a AUD 0.028 per share dividend fully franked, up from AUD 0.0245 per share in the pcp. Pleasingly, we are on track towards delivering FY 2025 underlying EBIT towards the midpoint of our AUD 395 million and AUD 425 million guidance range. This excludes the financial impact of the recent fire at St Marys, which I will come to shortly. The step-up in EBIT in the second half will be driven by a strong growth in Solids, a full half of our operational excellence benefits supporting further margin expansion, the AUD 5 million contribution from the recently announced LMS joint venture, and Industrial and Waste Services returning to its first half FY 2024 earnings run rate in Q4 FY 2025. Looking ahead to FY 2026, we remain confident in delivering our mid-term EBIT ambition of over AUD 450 million while continuing to improve returns. The momentum within our business is strong.  We're right now (00:03:59) moving beyond the design and implementation phase of our strategic initiatives and embedding them as the foundation of how we operate. We're progressively strengthening our ability to drive scale efficiencies across our branch network and national infrastructure. Now, moving on to slide 7, the health, safety and the environment. Now, before I talk about what is on this slide, I do want to pause and acknowledge a tragic accident that occurred last Friday, involving one of our Cleanaway Equipment Service drivers in Wingfield, South Australia, who sadly lost their life in a single vehicle incident. Any loss of life is simply heartbreaking, and on behalf of the entire Cleanaway team, I offer my deepest and heartfelt sympathy to our teammate's friends and family, as well as to our Cleanaway team. I'd also like to thank those involved on the day, responding to the accident, and obviously, we'll take all steps to learn from this tragic event. So, this is why safety and the environment are the foundations of everything we do. We are two years into our five-year HSE strategy, which is focused on risk prevention, capability build and cultural transformation. This year, we started reporting our serious injury frequency rate or SIFR, as an additional measure of safety performance aligned to good industry practice. This ensures we differentiate and prioritize our learning for serious injuries, because often the causes differ to lower severity recordable injuries. With an increase in serious injuries in the first half of FY 2025, this metric is allowing us to respond quickly and pivot the plan as new data insights emerge. Our focus remains on critical risks, critical controls and assurance, and on building leadership capability and on improving our approach to investigations and learning. If we shift to the environment, we continue to implement industry-leading processes to mitigate environmental risks and ensure compliance, with our efforts reflected in record-low environment notices for the first half FY 2025. The St Marys fire incident reinforces the importance of rigorous safety and environmental controls in our facilities. Most importantly, no one was injured, and our team managed the fire water runoff. Initial assessments indicate that the recently installed fire pumps and hydrants contributed to reducing the severity of the fire. Following preliminary assessments, Cleanaway estimates that as a result of the fire, we will incur net costs in the range of AUD 20 million to AUD 40 million, assuming recovery of costs under the company's insurance policies. However, it will take some time to confirm the application of our insurances to the losses that will be incurred. The timing of the receipt of insurance recoveries is likely to occur beyond FY 2025, and the financial impact of the fire will be treated as an underlying adjustment. So, if we move now to slide 8, the Cleanaway's purpose is making a sustainable future possible together, and it really does drive everything that we do. Our new 2024 sustainability framework brings this to life through four pillars. They are working together, recovering resources, protecting the environment and reducing emissions. It reflects our commitment to sustainability and how we help our customers safely and responsibly meet their waste and resource management challenges. We continue to evolve our culture and the way we work together to create a workplace where everyone feels they belong and takes pride in the essential work they do for local communities. Our Branch-led Operating Model, which is our approach to connecting and enabling our 300-plus branches and 8,000-plus team members, continues to gain momentum, driving enterprise standardization and efficiency, and therefore, enabling decentralization. Voluntary turnover continues to decline, and our efforts to improve onboarding and foster a culture of respect and inclusion are supporting the continuing decline in voluntary turnover of new starters in their first 12 months. We remain committed to creating opportunities for women in the waste management sector through our Driver Academies, our structured leadership programs, inclusive hiring practices, and ongoing efforts to support and attract talent at all levels of the organization. Our scale and expertise continue to drive Australia's circular economy, particularly through resource recovery. In the first half FY 2025, we commenced commissioning of the Western Sydney MRF. We solidified our position as the leading CDS operator on the East Coast with the Tasmania CDS win, and we progressed our FOGO capacity expansion at Eastern Creek. Through our protecting the environment pillar, we are committed to responsible waste management and compliance, not only within our operations but also in supporting customers. A key example is our growing work Tier 1 resource companies, assisting in the decommissioning, decontamination and remediation of retired assets, critical multi-year projects requiring specialist expertise. We also remain on track to meet our 2030 net emissions targets. During the half, we increased the volume of landfill gas captured at MRL, which not only reduced our emissions but also generated additional ACCU revenue, reinforcing our commitment to sustainable operations. And then right at the end of the half, in line with Blueprint 2030, we entered into a joint venture agreement with LMS Energy for landfill gas processing at Lucas Heights. It's a capital-light investment for Cleanaway. We bring the landfill gas and LMS bring the generation infrastructure. It will generate AUD 5 million of EBIT in the second half and AUD 10 million in FY 2026. Beyond then, we expect the joint venture to generate approximately AUD 15 million per annum, assuming ACCU and energy forward pricing. And with that, I'm going to hand over to Paul for the financial performance. Thanks, Mark. Now turning to slide 10, where we'll provide you with a summary of the group's financial performance for the half. As Mark has highlighted, the group's strong, consistent underlying financial performance reflects the intense focus on margin expansion and executing against our Blueprint 2030 strategy. The group delivered net revenue of AUD 1.66 billion, which was 4.6% higher compared with the first half of 2024. The increase was driven by volume growth, contracted price increases and price discipline in the Solids business. New projects and higher volumes from Liquids and Technical Services, and a strong contribution from the Health Services, following the restoration effort in 2024. This is partly offset by decline in I&WS due to lower volumes resulting from customer site closures and customers deferral on non-critical maintenance activity. Underlying EBIT of AUD 195.2 million was 12.2% higher compared with the pcp, continuing to outpace revenue growth and is showing the strong operating leverage of the business. EBIT growth has been driven by the continued delivery of operational excellence initiatives, resulting in margin expansion of 80 basis points. We expect the underlying EBIT margin to continue to improve in the second half with the accelerating realization of operational excellence benefits and the restructure of I&WS now complete. Net finance costs of AUD 58.9 million are stabilizing and largely reflect the impact of a higher benchmark interest rate compared with the same half in 2024. Underlying NPAT of AUD 94 million is 13.7% higher compared with the first half of 2024, again growing at a rate higher than the underlying EBIT. Underlying EPS of AUD 0.042 per share increased in line with the underlying NPAT and return on invested capital, or ROIC, has expanded by 40 basis points to 5.7%, reflecting the strong earnings growth on a higher average capital base. The balance sheet is strong with group leverage at 1.95 times. As Mark has mentioned, these financial results continue our track record of delivering double-digit profitable growth and puts us on track to continue to deliver double digit EBIT growth in the second  (00:12:56). Now, turning to slide 11. Net operating cash flow, AUD 164.5 million was down compared to the first half 2024 due solely to the recommencement of tax payments following the end of the Commonwealth Government's temporary Instant Asset Write-Off Scheme. In the period, we paid AUD 94.2 million in tax. On a like-for-like basis, excluding the tax paid, net operating cash flow was AUD 258.7 million or 10.7% higher compared with the first half of 2024, albeit this was partially driven by the phasing of CapEx. Strong earnings growth together with a strong cash conversion, enabled the board to declare a fully franked interim dividend of AUD 0.028 per share, 14.3% higher than the pcp. Now turning to slide 12, and CapEx. CapEx was AUD 157.8 million for the half, almost AUD 74 million lower than the first half of 2024. Lower level of CapEx relative to our guidance of approximately AUD 400 million for the full year is largely phasing and consistent with our guidance provided in August 2024. However, it does continue to reflect a reduction of almost AUD 50 million in CapEx relative to the prior year. In H2, we expect to be deploying growth CapEx of approximately AUD 10 million to service the Defence contract that we secured in December of last year. The major growth CapEx continues to be Western Sydney MRF, currently in commissioning, Eastern Creek Organics also on track and well progressed and CustomerConnect, the digitization for our call to cash cycle. We delivered Release 1 of CustomerConnect during the first half on time and on budget. We paused and we took the learnings from this phase and we reviewed our plans for Release 2, the core of which is the rollout of new fulfillment software to our frontline team. This resulted in the decision to invest a further six months in the rollout phase of Release 2, in order to better manage the change management risk of deploying the software to drivers and operations and admin staff across almost 200 locations. Due to the delay, the project cost has increased by approximately AUD 30 million and expected benefits will be deferred by six months. As a result, we now expect realizing the full year EBIT run rate of approximately AUD 12 million in 2028 rather than 2027. Turning to slide 13. The full year, we now expect net financing costs to be between AUD 120 million and AUD 125 million, reduced from our initial guidance of approximately AUD 130 million due to the timing of capital spending and improved working capital management. I'll quickly run through the drivers, the three components of our net finance costs. The first component that interest costs increased mainly due to higher average benchmark interest rates compared to the first half of 2024. If you remember, the cash rate last increased 25 basis points in November 2023. The second component is the interest expense on our leases. Remembering that the interest rate on leases is fixed. This was higher due to higher rates on new and replacement leases. Since older leases roll off at lower rates, they've been replaced by new leases at higher rates. The third component is a non-cash expense. It's the unwind of the discount on non-current provisions, principally our landfill remediation provision. And this was lower in the current period. The quantum of the unwind will typically reduce in lower interest rates environment. Pleasingly, overall net finance costs are stabilizing, with the first half 2025 net finance expense at AUD 58.9 million, AUD 2 million higher year-on-year, but importantly, largely flat, half on half. I'll just pass you back to Mark to take you through the segment performance. All right. Thank you, Paul. Let's now turn to slide 15 and to our largest segment, which is Solids. Right. The Solids revenue growth, accelerated year-on-year, coming in at 7% for the period versus the 5.2% revenue growth delivered this time last year. Growth was driven by higher volumes, contracted price escalation, pricing discipline and a full six-month contribution from the CDS in Victoria. The outlook for the Solids segment is positive, with the resign of national term contract with Coles, securing the work in WA and Queensland for Defence and winning the Tas CDS, due to start on the 1st of May. EBIT grew by 11.4%, reflecting the growth in CDS, our Metro muni operations and operational efficiency benefits. Increased commodities and carbon volumes and higher OCC and ACCU prices also contributed. Stable earnings from landfills and our Regional and Organics operations provided further EBIT support. C&D delivered an improved contribution, albeit market conditions remain challenging. Overall segment growth was tempered by softer consumer activity, which impacted Metropolitan's C&I operations. The solid result is particularly pleasing and it really is a great example of the effectiveness of our value creation staircase, which I'd like to walk you through for Solids. Firstly, our footprint delivered organic growth. Then our operational excellence initiatives supported a 60 basis point increase in EBIT margin. The result then benefited from our strategic infrastructure growth via, for example, the Vic CDS. And then we saw our integrated sustainable customer offering form the foundation of our Defence contract win and the renewal of our national term contract with Coles. Moving into a little more detail on the operational performance of Solids. Let's look at our collections business, where C&I delivered 5.6% revenue growth, of which price contributed three quarters of that growth. While Regional volumes were up on the pcp, Metro C&I volumes were impacted by softer consumer activity, which saw a shift towards lower margin services such as rear lift. Metro muni delivered revenue growth over and above that derived from contract mechanisms through the rollout of FOGO bins. We're also seeing, importantly, the initial benefits flowing through from the implementation of our branch-led operating model at our New South Wales muni branches in the previous half, with an increase in margins. Moving to slide 16. Landfill EBIT grew by 1.1% and we continued to experience softness in volumes, driven by market conditions in the C&I and C&D space and from landfill diversion activities such as FOGO. This was mitigated by strategic pricing, improved density and strong cost discipline. At MRL, volumes have stabilized and cost pressures have eased, and we anticipate volume growth in the second half of FY 2025. At Lucas Heights, a new multi-council post-collections contract helped offset the impact of a competitor internalizing volumes, while pricing discipline and density improvement at Kemps Creek partially mitigated volume declines. Our CDS operations achieved strong growth, driven by a combination of organic volume growth in Queensland, New South Wales and the benefit of our first full six-month contribution from the Victorian scheme. As mentioned, C&D markets remain challenging, but this business continues to evolve and adapt. During the half, the team reduced costs, grew their revenue pipeline, closed the C&D site at Willawong, opened the resource recovery site in New South Wales and expanded resource recovery in South Australia and Victoria. The planned transition to FOGO processing at Eastern Creek Organics is progressing. The facility is now processing both FOGO and mixed waste. So, as expected, capital works temporarily impacted processing during the first half of FY 2025. In resource recovery, our material resource facilities, or MRFs, are seeing volumes grow in line with increased CDS volumes and fiber collections. Additionally, and importantly, our business teams are driving yield improvements by strengthening the recovery rates of commodities. Moving to slide 17. The 60 basis point expansion in our Solids segment EBIT margin demonstrates the tangible impact of our operational excellence initiative. Branch optimization is playing a key role, integrating multiple elements, including our SWOT teams and our branch-led operating model as shown on the slide. Our SWOT teams, along with our business teams and  PIP (00:22:30) programs, are deployed to branches identified as operating below their potential. In first half FY 2025, our SWOT performance delivered an average EBIT margin expansion of 10 percentage points. By the end of FY 2025, about 50% of our C&I collection branches identified as operating below their potential will have benefited from a SWOT program. We see our branch-led operating model creating a platform right across Cleanaway, on which to build sustained value creation, which is achieved through ensuring each branch has the right capacity, the right capability, the right culture, and the right cadence in place. Branch operating model adoption is scaling rapidly. I'll talk through the adoption in the Health business shortly. But as an example in Solids, 78% of the branches are now operating under the BOM or the branch operating model cadence, up from 17% in December 2023 with a goal of being at 100% by June 2025 as we enter into our mid-term ambition year. One of the branch operating model's key benefits has been the delivery of improvements in labor efficiency, such as what we've seen in our muni operations. However, there's still work to do in Metro C&I operations, where softer consumer spending has altered service patterns, making labor management more challenging. And this is where the branch operating model plays a critical role. It equips our branches with the data-driven tools and capabilities to navigate an evolving environment with agilities. By focusing on key value drivers, such as shifts exceeding 10 hours, lifts per hour, lifts per kilometer and voluntary turnover, we can pinpoint areas for improvement and take swift and targeted action. Moving on to slide 18 and our Liquid Waste & Health Services segment. Liquids and Technical Services, or LTS, revenue grew by 4.9%, with EBIT up 4.4%, building on the strong momentum from FY 2024. This growth reflects sustained demand for LTS's advanced technical expertise in delivering high value and complex projects with particularly strong activity in New South Wales and Victoria during the half. Volume growth in Scanline, which is LTS's used cooking oil collection business, was offset by lower used cooking oil prices. Despite the current market conditions, we remain confident in the medium-term outlook for used cooking oil pricing, given its role as a feedstock for renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel. Hydrocarbons' revenue was slightly lower, while EBIT increased by 12%, reflecting a favorable product mix shift towards increased sales of higher margin, high quality Group 2 base oils. EBIT growth was further reinforced by disciplined pricing and operational improvements, particularly in relation to transportation costs. During the half, we internally announced the integration of our LTS and Hydrocarbons businesses to leverage synergies across branch networks and customer bases, creating a stronger, more efficient business. A strategic review of the combined business is underway to optimize assets and operations with financial benefits expected in FY 2026. Moving on to slide 19 and Health Services. Health Services delivered 10% revenue growth, a significant uplift in EBIT, and showcases how a disciplined, data-driven and branch-led approach can create sustained operational improvement and earnings growth. The turnaround in SIFOT, which is service in full and on time, from the mid-70s to the mid-90s, highlights the transformation of this business. A key driver of the turnaround has been enhanced data and reporting. SIFOT was once manually calculated and is now tracked daily, providing real-time insights. Previously, branches relied on end of month data, limiting responsiveness. Today, Health Services leverages analytics and near real-time reporting, enabling faster, data-driven decisions for sustainable improvements. We've shifted from a branch model with limited customer profitability insights to one where the key metrics are clearly defined, tracked and acted upon. Branch managers now have the training and the tools to drive performance and customer value. But the most fundamental change has been cultural. Health Services has moved from a siloed, short-term EBITDA focus to a future-orientated mindset, balancing short- and long-term EBIT goals, while improving asset sharing with Solids to enhance fleet efficiency for things like the use of bulk tank fuel, provide workshop maintenance efficiencies and the sharing of trucks. As a result, Health Services is on track to deliver more than AUD 15 million EBIT in FY 2025, creating a stronger, more resilient and efficient business that will continue to drive long-term value. Moving to slide 20 and our IWS business. As mentioned, IWS continued to face a challenging market conditions in line with the second half of FY 2024. In response, we completed a restructure, delivering AUD 10 million in annualized cost saving for head count reductions, asset disposals and branch consolidations. This restructure also realigned the East and West Coast operations, sharpening our focus on Tier 1 resource companies, while shifting away from smaller, metro-based ad hoc services. With the business reset, we are on track for IWS to return to its first half FY 2024 earnings run rate in the fourth quarter of this financial year. Decommissioning, Decontamination and Remediation, or DDR, presents a multi-decade growth opportunity across mining, oil and gas and heavy industry. Our integrated capabilities, including Liquid and Solid Waste Services, is driving increased tender invitations. During the half, we finalized our internal strategy and multi-year action plan to capitalize on this long-term initiative. To finish, I'm on slide 21, I'd like to take you through an update of our strategic progress and the outlook for the second half of the year. Turning to slide 22 now with an update on our strategic progress. Starting with our value creation status, this articulates how we create recurring, sustainable growth for shareholders. Over the past 18 months, guided by our Blueprint 2030 strategy, we have delivered sustainable EBIT growth and EBIT margin expansion. With FY 2026 only four-and-a-half months away, the exciting part is that we are only at the start of our operation journey. If we take our operational excellence, for example, as the initiatives implemented over the past 18 months become fully embedded, that impact will accelerate driving lasting and structural improvements. Similarly, on strategic infrastructure growth, we will continue to selectively invest in accretive and strategic infrastructure. And, finally, enabled by customer connect, with greater customer service and value for money pricing, we see our integrated at-scale capabilities and offerings providing a competitive advantage that will be hard to replicate. Turning to slide 23, as our actions continue to show, Cleanaway today is about driving sustained improvements in earnings growth. Our operational efficiency initiatives are driving margin expansion through improving how we work, through developing solutions and pursuing opportunities. The realization of operational efficiency benefits is accelerating. Underpinning our confidence in this program of work, delivering more than AUD 50 million in FY 2026 and continuing to deliver sustained benefits in FY 2027 and beyond. This table with some of our key operational efficiency initiatives, their progress over the half and the indicative potential to deliver benefits over time. Having updated you on a few of those that are already listed, I want to call out CustomerConnect and Fleet Transformation. The efficiency and customer service opportunities CustomerConnect will unlock have not diminished. And while the delay in the increase in budget is disappointing, it's given us the opportunity to add extra steps into the change management process, which in addition to reducing deployment risk, will support the realization of the expected benefits. Our Fleet Transformation Program delivered meaningful benefits during the half through the renegotiation of our fuel contract, the optimization of our fuel spend and the implementation of our fleet ownership model through increased 3PL usage and the rightsizing of our asset base. This program will continue to deliver significant safety, financial and operational benefits. Over the next six months, our focus will be on continuing the implementation of our revised ownership model, advancing our in-cab technology and undertaking a significant review of our R&M spend. At the back of the presentation are a number of case studies, showcasing operational efficiency initiatives in order to provide more color on these projects. I encourage you to take a look at those slides as they'll help bring initiatives to life. Moving on to slide 24, on the outlook, we remain focused on continuing to drive operational excellence in the business, to deliver a strong finish to the year and lay the groundwork as we accelerate into the all-important mid-term ambition year FY 2026. The margin expansion delivered today is a clear demonstration of the underlying momentum in our strategy and the improving operating leverage of the business. Currently, we are tracking towards the midpoint of the range between AUD 395 million and AUD 425 million. The expected step-up in EBIT will be driven by growth in Solids, supported by growth in MRL volumes, the return of IWS to its first half FY 2024 earnings run rate in the fourth quarter, and a full half of operational excellence benefits from our Fleet Transformation business teams and SWOT programs, and the AUD 5 million contribution from the LMS joint venture. The EBIT guidance does not include the costs associated with the St Marys fire, where our initial estimate is between AUD 20 million and AUD 40 million, net of insurance recoveries. Net finance costs are now expected to be between AUD 120 million and AUD 125 million, down from the previous expectations of around AUD 130 million. CapEx and our depreciation and amortization outlook remain unchanged. At closing, as we always do with our scorecard on slide 25, and looking at the list of deliverables on the scorecard. It's pleasing to report our significant progress against so many of them. On Safety and Labor, while they both remain yellow in their status, this does not fully capture the progress achieved through their respective multi-year strategies. These initiatives are driving fundamental, culture-based changes that will support lasting improvements in both areas. And, of course, the change in CustomerConnect to yellow reflects the six months' delay. Importantly, the financial metrics remain green, aligned with our confidence in our ability to maintain our trajectory as we continue to focus on safe and strong operational performance and service delivery, strategic infrastructure growth and delivering value to shareholders. Before Paul and I start taking questions, I do want to take the time to sincerely thank our employees for all their hard work, especially our frontline teams, as they collectively have made these strong results happen. And with that, I'd like to hand over to the operator for questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Amit Kanwatia from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Good morning. Good morning. If I can just start with the first half 2025 EBIT. I mean, the EBIT of AUD 195 million, that is below kind of what market was expecting. Maybe I can appreciate if you can speak to what did not go well in the first half relative to your internal expectations for guidance to be at the midpoint now? Yes, Amit. I think it's fair to say we regard ourselves as being pretty much firmly on track in terms of tracking to the midpoint of the guidance. In terms of the second half, we see quite a good step-up, so we can see the additional income from the LMS joint venture that we called out before. IWS, we see returning to recovery. We won the Defence contract as you're aware. And also so you can see the operational efficiency benefits really accelerating in the second half. So, in many ways, as far as we're concerned, we're on track. I think it's always looked at, sort of, always – it's always looked like a staircase. It's never sort of flat to the split 50/50. Sure. And, I mean, if I just think about that comment on the operating efficiency and then, I mean, you've got a target for 2026, which is AUD 50 million to AUD 100 million, what's the run rate at this point and where do you think you're tracking first for that target in – into fiscal 2025 and then more so for 2026 as well? I don't think we're giving FY 2026 guidance today, probably do that in August, to really answer your question for you. But I think what we are saying is we're really confident of how FY 2026 is shaping up, the momentum coming out of FY 2025. If you think about some of the things that are going to happen as we go from where we land in 2025, into 2026, you're right to think it'll be, firstly, the organic growth, the GDP plus growth that we've seen in previous years continuing on, followed by the ops excellence. In there, you've got LMS, CustomerConnect, branch optimization fleet, then into the growth capital benefits of that strategic infrastructure. That'll be things like Defence, Western Sydney MRF will be running. FOGO will be in operations for the full year. We've got  DD&R (00:37:46) we're making a contribution. And then we'll stitch it all together for customers and grab some market share as well. And that's how we see us fly-wheeling out of 2025 and into 2026. Right. Okay. And just last one, on the finance costs, I mean, you've given the guidance for fiscal 2025. I think there's a comment in there on the cost unwind. Can you provide a sensitivity to the lower interest rates on that discount unwind? How should we be thinking about that? Yeah. Look, in terms of falling interest rates, Amit, every 25 basis points is worth somewhere in the region of about AUD 3 million for us in terms of cash – cash interest. In terms of the unwind on the discount of the long-term non-current provisions, essentially those rates are fixed semiannually, so that there's no benefit in this half from that, because we've set the rate for the half already. It's calculated based on government bond yield rates for the respective timing of those cash flows. So, if you look forward to 2026, you'll see us reset those rates almost certainly below where you would expect, and therefore, you will see that unwind come down a bit further. It's very hard to quantify in the sense it's not driven off the cash rate. It's driven off government bond yield rate. So, you would expect in a lower interest rate environment that unwind will be less in quantum. But we didn't update any numbers yesterday? Yes. That's right. All right. So, it's fair to think that it's a AUD 3 million cash benefit every 25 basis points, plus that benefit from that discount unwind, which is on top of cash? Yeah, correct. And also, too, as the lease book resets at progressively lower rates, again, so you'll get reduced interest rates from that component of interest  (00:39:57). So that's what's taking the time to actually break that interest  on for finance cost-out (00:40:01). So, you can understand how the change in the rates will impact each of those components. All right. Thank you. I'll leave here. Thanks. Thanks, Amit. Thank you. Your next question comes from Cameron McDonald from E&P. Please go ahead. Good morning. A couple of questions for me. Just in terms of the staircase that you referred to, Mark..... Yeah. ...are we right in thinking that Health in the first half would have been breakeven to maybe small single-digit contribution? And so you've then got the bulk of that earnings coming in the second half. And then, what's the profile of that into FY 2026? Is it sort of circa AUD 20 million contribution if you're making AUD 15 million this year? No, I mean, Health was pretty much at the run rate that we want it to be right now, and it was in the first half. That's also why we tick the box in the scorecard. So, if you look at the scorecard, we tick the box on, what is it, completed the Health Services business transformation. So when we go from 2025 into 2026, I think the crux of your question, we see Health – we don't see the step-up in the benefit of Health flowing through between 2025 and 2026  (00:41:30) Health composition. Okay. So that assumes you did – you completely restructured everything on the 1st of July for Health. So, is a full contribution effectively AUD 7.5 million in the first half, is that what you're telling us? Yeah, there or thereabouts. And I think that's consistent with – if you remember, I know it's common, but it's, I mean, at least one together, but if you remember we were saying stuff like we expect to hit the Q4 run rate in Health that we want for FY 2025. Yeah. I know that feels a lot like what we're saying for IWS now and that's true. But that was the comment and we hit that run rate in last quarter of FY 2024 and that provided the platform for the FY 2025 run of Health. Right. And then...   (00:42:20) by itself in terms of profitability. But you're not far off the market. Yeah. Okay. And then just in terms of the Eastern Creek Organics, can you remind us, that was sort of AUD 40 million where the CapEx was originally planned to be spent? Yeah, that's right. And... And then – and so, what's the return profile we should be thinking about from that perspective as that ramps up? Do you want to go? So, that project won't be complete until 2026. So, you'll start to see a progressive ramp-up during FY 2026. And it won't be hitting its full contribution probably until the start of 2027. Okay. So  that (00:43:09) project  (00:43:10) as well into 2026. Yeah. And then can we get some sort of granularity around this Defence contract in terms of its scale and quantum? Yeah. Well, we'll go as much as we can. So, it used to be a contract that Veolia had for the whole of Australia. They then tendered it out. We won Queensland and WA, which if you think about the map of Australia, Queensland and... Yeah. ...WA are the key states. For example, the evidence point for that is the upcoming Defence exercise  (00:43:48), that is in Queensland. And it's in the second half of this FY. Paul said you before, we'll spend about AUD 10 million of CapEx to support that project and it starts in March this year. That's probably all I can really say, I think. And so, how long you've contracted for? I don't think that number is out there. But, yeah, it's sort of, I would say, the mid-term contracts,  the core (00:44:17) is probably five years. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's all right. Thank you. Plus the nature of that contract too is it's underlying sort of services that we're contracted by. But then one of the key things is as Defence engage on specific exercises, so you have additional ad hoc work and that's obviously really important in terms of profitability. Yeah.   (00:44:42). Yeah. No, that's helpful. Thank you. Final question for me, just in terms of the decommissioning stuff that you've spoken about, is there any – have you got all of the capability and equipment and infrastructure that's needed to support that, or should we be thinking about additional CapEx? And secondly, my understanding is that Exxon actually put out some decommissioning – initial decommissioning tenders at the back end of last year. Would you – did you pick up any preliminary work off the back of them? The way you should think about that is of as the first part. So, a lot of the work that we're doing at the moment where we've got three  (00:45:32) projects or sort of delivery projects underway at the moment, the sort of existing equipment is being used in those as we, sort of, learn and ramp up. I think it's very limited capital spend at the moment. I think in terms of, yeah, the spending on the nature of the work that you win, there might be some limited capital investment to make that really efficient. But you do that where you could see line of sight to rebatable work of the same type. For example, with cleaning tubulars, you might have invested in capability to do that. I think on the Exxon side, so there's a lot of tenders out there. And what we see is we are consistently approached by often the primary  tenderer or primary tender (00:46:19) to subcontracting to provide certain services for them. Almost the point of where we're sitting behind, all the tenders  as they tender (00:46:29), if you can imagine, for certain  stopes (00:46:32) that I think I've said to you before, that's why in some areas we're looking at that going is that how we want to play or do we want to play more as the primary contractor and get in front of that. I mean, we think – maybe just to give you sort of some view of the addressable sort of spend, we think if we take the onshore component of the offshore work in Australia and the onshore component of the onshore work, that's sort of AUD 500 million of addressable revenue potential each year for as long as we can see forward. So, it's quite an exciting space. We've got a really good strategy as to what we're going to do there. Great. Thank you. Sure. Thank you. Your next question comes from Lee Power from UBS. Please go ahead. Hey, Mark. Hey, Paul. Hey, Lee. I guess a couple of people have had a crack at this question, but I'm going to try again. So, if we think the four-tenth of the midpoint of guidance, you kind of need another AUD 20 million progression in addition to the – to kind of what you already delivered in the first half. Yeah. If we break that out, what do you think of that AUD 20 million is just cycling what's already embedded in today? What of the AUD 20 million is kind of new operational excellence initiatives? And what is just the market growth? I might give you an unsatisfactory answer, but I'll answer it now. I want to answer as how I think about it. So... Yeah. ...the difference is AUD 20 million, you're right. So, it's the current run rate, plus you add the LMS, we're giving you that number. Yeah. IWS makes a stronger contribution in the second half as it gets up to that Q4 2024 run rate. And you can – we've actually even given you that number, you go and calculate it. You can calculate IWS' contribution, then you get the Defence contract comes in. Yeah. So, when we think like it starts from – in March and then it's sort of this organic growth margin  (00:48:44) including landfill volume increases at MRL. So that's how we get the next AUD 20 million. We're not – really not worried about it. Yeah. Because you can see line of sight to it from where we are today. And, in fact, I think we really like the way the  (00:49:06) accelerating into sort of the last half and the last quarter, so that we're in that flywheel that I mentioned before entering the lap, that is FY 2026. Yeah. Yeah. Because it seems, I mean, like I hear what you're saying, like you've mapped out a whole bunch of stuff and giving us a lot of information. But then the guidance, like the boundaries of guidance kind of haven't changed. So, I guess what I was trying to work out is that is there something that you're thinking in the second half of 2025 that is less in your control but is particularly swinging, and that's why you've kept the broader guidance and haven't narrowed it, albeit you obviously say you're tracking to the midpoint at the moment? That is the key message that we have come out. And we've been explicit in the sense of saying that we see ourselves tracking towards the midpoint. So, we had the choice to reduce the range or you – you'd be more specific. And we've chosen to be more specific. Okay. That's perfect. Excellent. Thanks for the color. Thanks. Thank you. Your next question comes from Russell Gill from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. A couple of questions. Firstly, just on the St Marys fire, the AUD 20 million to AUD 40 million range, presumably you booked that as a provision in the second half. Can you give us sort of breakdown on, I guess, what's the remediation replacement cost relative versus the lost earnings impact? And then at what point will the operation be back to full earnings capability from a timing standpoint? I'll highlight a few things and then Paul can do the financial frame. But I think it's early days, what I'd say. Obviously, you've got the investigation underway. The focus is on the cleanup, that sort of thing, and really understanding the clean-up costs, both what we've done offsite, but also onsite and also sort of the additional cost of work going forward. The way you should think about the AUD 20 million and the AUD 40 million is that you get to AUD 20 million, which are really a bit of the deductibles on the insurance and the AUD 40 million would be a – would be – reflect a conservative approach if the policies don't respond as expected. Okay. So, that's how we get the range that we do. Looking at Paul. Do you want to talk through the... Yeah. Look  (00:51:35) I guess, in many ways, we're always not ready to talk about this in the sense that  results would (00:51:40) come on as quicker than we would want in terms of having to give a range. So, we look, for example, at the equipment that was at some areas that's got a book value of sort of AUD 10 million, AUD 12 million with insurance replacement cost. We haven't done the work yet to know how much of that equipment is salvageable, especially within the shed itself, the fire systems work as we expected and essentially made sure that all those assets were protected. So, we don't yet have a clear view as to what that asset write-off would be, what replacement costs would be. But as Mark said, in terms of the other sort of significant elements of the cost, the cleanup is largely complete offsite, but really has yet to start on-site because obviously we've had to preserve the site for Comcare in terms of their investigation as well. So, it is early days. It is very much – most of the AUD 20 million reflects the deductibles on the insurance policies. We expect them to respond. We don't have concerns there. The AUD 40 million would be situations where we have just unexpected gaps in cover. So very early days. We'll obviously keep the market updated as we progress through the work on that space. In terms of getting back to sort of full capacity, we probably won't return to that site for at least six months in terms of cleanup and remediation. But we have a number of other sites locally that we can basically deploy that work to and expect for to be up and running again within that sort of hopefully three to six-month time window. So, just from a lost earnings standpoint, you can, I guess, redeploy volume. So there's not a, I guess, a net business interruption style cost that needs to be either covered by insurance or taken below the line? I think there will be additional costs of working in the sense that there will simply be inefficiencies because obviously that site was set up specifically to deal with those waste streams. So, we're going to be splitting that volume between probably at least two and possibly three or four sites, so – and the equipment, which was bespoke for the work that was being undertaken, again, won't be so specialized. So, there will be increased costs of working in that sense. And that dynamic is captured in that AUD 20 million to AUD 40 million? Right. Yeah. Okay. Secondly, just on – if we think forward to FY 2026, and you did talk a little about this, just how important the two dynamics are? One, the CustomerConnect delay, looked like it was expected to contribute a little bit of benefit in FY 2026. Wondering if you could just call out what that potential benefit could have been. And then, secondly, how important the macro is to actually hitting these medium-term targets and how much is within your control? Obviously, macro terms, you might get some benefit to the net interest line that you're guiding to the, I guess, the EBIT line. So, just get a feel for how much is within your control and how much is outside your control on the macro over the next 18 months. Yeah. Well, the answer to your question on CustomerConnect is actually in the slide deck on slide 30. We've buried it right down the back for you, so you can find it. There's a – if you look there, you'll see that profile. So it's AUD 3 million in FY 2026 versus the AUD 5 million previously. You can just see the whole thing sort of like shifting backwards by six months. So not too concerned with that. As I said in the sort of the voiceover, much prefer to do it in a really complete way with our drivers than sort of rush the change management, will do it in a incomplete way and therefore not land the benefits long-term. So, that – for that piece. I think on the – I think on sort of the macro, I mean, I think obviously, if you say the macro, we – the  (00:55:39) proceeds. So, obviously, we've got some exposure on the macro there in terms of the value creation staircase. I think what I would say, though, is we're really pleased with like where the competitive landscape is at the moment in the first half of 2025. We resigned Coles. We won the Defence contract. We won CDS. We can see MRL volume stabilizing in spite of that soft C&D. And like I said before, we expect volume into MRL to increase in the second half. That's good. We can see line of sight to it. We know what's going to come. And that's not macro dependent, some of that volume increase. And then on the third part, in terms for our competitive landscape, I mean, I think what we'd say there is there's pockets of sort of competition, increased competition, both larger  (00:56:40) on the market at the moment, so – and I'd make a fair comment because I just feel like perhaps in the last sessions that we've had this – we just kind of overplayed this idea of  really (00:56:52) going after revenue. Well, we're going after contracts and EBIT, and we're being successful in that. Great. I'm going to try this one. Just on the DRR, you've put out some, I guess, a bit more information. You hinted that the internal teams have started to, I guess, budget and plan this. You put out the AUD 500 million, I guess, TAM revenue opportunity... Yeah. ...over a very, very long period of time. In terms of the capabilities in the organization on what you might need to add to the organization or what percentage market share you think you could attain of that AUD 500 million based on your current capabilities? Just if we can get some sizing around that and in terms of the timing of when this stuff starts dropping over the next couple of years. Yeah. We're not in control of the timing, that's for sure. We have one of the longest funnel of opportunities that I have ever seen sort of. We have every project mapped in terms of timing and value and where we might play. On slide 32 is probably a good place to go to kind of help answer it. Just on the left-hand side, you've kind of – you've got the addressable market, whether that's oil and gas or mine closure or sort of in the industrial energy or defense side. I think on the right-hand side, to answer your question around where are we kind of playing, and if you – that is the value chain there on the right-hand side from – at the top, advisory and project management through to the bottom, resource recovery, you can see we've greyed out dismantling and demolition. That's not a capability we have today. I think our approach on that would be to use others for that piece. I think, otherwise, we've got a strong offering across, certainly, the advisory and project management piece, certainly has this treatment, remediation and resource recovery and on  ZCOM (00:58:51) at the front end. I think prior to split, that sort of AUD 500 million for you. So that's the onshore component of the offshore work and the onshore component, which is obviously onshore in its own right. I think it's important also just to have in your mind that this is an integrated offering where you combine the capabilities of IWS, our Liquids team and our Solids team. And you get them working in a way together that we can then present something that others can't from end-to-end. And obviously then just plug the gaps if there's a little piece that we can't do that we need to subcontract. And like I said before, also, we've got some fantastic sites with licenses to do some of this work. A lot of the work that we're planning on doing coming up is up in Karratha on our site there where we've got fantastic lot space. And that's certainly where those three projects will be occurring, coming up. And then just on that – just the fact that you've had to restructure the IWS business to, I guess, bring earnings back up in the near term to maintain this cadence of EBIT growth. I guess that doesn't impact the ability of the future – or to win this future work, given you've had to restructure those teams? In fact, goes the other way in that it actually allows us to free up resources, both people and assets to position IWS as  (01:00:20) or Cleanaway into that DD&R space. So we definitely have a view that we would prefer IWS to be servicing tier 1 contracts, recurring revenue rather than finding an  outright (01:00:34) off work in a Metropolitan branch in Melbourne. And that's real – that's really what we've done is remove the  FTE (01:00:40), and we've gotten rid of the excess fleet, we've consolidated and closed the branches. We got that AUD 10 million run rate off that. We're back on track both for the first half of FY 2024. And as you say, exactly as you say, that's provided the capability to now go and flow that across the DD&R, which is really exciting. Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Peter Steyn from Macquarie. Please go ahead. Thank you. Morning, Mark and Paul. Appreciate your time. Perhaps just wanting to chat to you a little bit about your commercial performance. You've obviously highlighted a couple of big contract wins. But perhaps you could give us a bit of a sense of – in the nuts and bolts how you're going with your ability to secure new work, renew current work. Just getting a bit of a sense of your competitive position in light of some of the conversation before. Yeah. So I think – that's fair enough. I think there's definitely new work in there. So if you take some of the new work, going to be things like sort of Defence win is new work. And what we've won in Defence is we – our view is better to  choose two sites (01:02:00); they would have been the  two sites to choose (01:02:02), just given the footprint with Defence, our capabilities in those locations. And sort of as Paul mentioned, there's been ad hoc work that will come through those. So I think that's new work. And it really does demonstrate the integrated offering. I mean, that is a full – that's all of Cleanaway sort of service agreement. I think you take Tas CDS as another example that is new work. That really does cement us as the number one operator of CDS schemes in the country with  now or (01:02:37) New South Wales service zones in Victoria and the whole of Tassie with  (01:02:45) Queensland on top of that. So, I think that's new. I think Coles re-sign is important. Coles is a really important customer for Cleanaway in terms of their scale, but also their sort of view about sustainability. We're stronger as a company because of our relationship with them and the conversations that we have and sort of making each other better. So I think that's awesome, and what we achieved on landfill diversion. I think them re-signing with us is with – they are pleased with what we do and want that to continue on all of company base so the whole of Cleanaway supports the whole of Coles on a daily basis, which is great. And I think that kind of goes to – those are good evidence points of like the strategy into action, which is when you add the strategic infrastructure growth and then  sort of OpEx (01:03:42) on supply, together with great customer service, then you get market share with both maintaining your existing business, but also growing. So, I think, commercially, we're really happy with how it's looking and our ability to structure the whole of Cleanaway.  (01:04:06) these large contracts that want that, that cross-functional response. Hopefully it answered your question. You want to... Yeah, broadly. I suppose I was also keen to just below these larger... Yeah. ...headline grabbing contracts. Just get a... Yeah. Sure. ...sort of sense of how you're seeing your broader performance on this  scope (01:04:30)? Well, I think – I mean, if you go to muni, and we're very thoughtful about muni. I think we've talked about that before in these calls. I think the days just going after muni are over. And we very critically look at muni contracts, renewals, that sort of thing. And we screen those quite thoughtfully in a sort of – a new muni contract in a location where we've already got a depot,  dozens (01:04:58) actually doesn't actually necessarily scream highly, particularly if that council is not sustainability focused for that  (01:05:08). That's probably not where we're going to play. And so we're very thoughtful about that. And we actually see how – see a long, long funnel of growth CapEx opportunities that would have a higher return to shareholders than investing in 10-year muni contracts that are lower risk and lower return. So, we're very thoughtful about screening muni. So to that effect, you say so, well,  not say (01:05:35) well, therefore, we've won some, and there's some that we've bid in a way that we've lost them, and we're happy with that. So we won't leave a council high and dry in terms of not bidding. But we'll certainly – if we – we're less inclined to win it, then we'll put that through our pricing. Yeah. But the bottom line, I suppose, is you're very comfortable with where your win rates are at. They are generally strategic and making financial sense. And you're not feeling any fear from a competitive perspective in execution...   (01:06:14) I think the other point too, Peter, is you look at the existing book and churn this year is actually down on previous years. So, we're actually seeing a lot more stability in our book as well. I think we mentioned in  (01:06:36) weakness in metro C&I. What we're seeing there basically is not loss of customers. It's simply customers that have less waste because they're typically facing the consumer with less cash in their pockets or hospitality in some of those sectors. And we're seeing they're having fewer services. So we're not losing the customer. We're simply saying, in fact, the customer is changing how they – changing the waste generation that they have. Perfect. And while we're just talking about this, could you give us a bit of an update on where things are at just in terms of the inherent competitiveness of the Victorian market? You've spoken about the performance of MRL specifically. But just a broader perspective, Mark, and how that's starting to play into your thinking on energy from waste? Yeah. I mean, I think we think about the  (01:07:39) Solids business, we got  (01:07:44) we couldn't be more pleased with any SBU more than I would be with the Victoria team in terms of the really strong turnaround that that team has done on a full end-to-end basis of every part of the operation they're doing. I think I've said before on this call, they're doing  (01:08:04-01:08:12) and that sort of thing. So I think competitively we're at a really nice place, as we've got fantastic assets to offer customers on an end-to-end basis. We commented on – yeah, and with that, Peter, obviously  (01:08:25) sometimes we find  (01:08:30) where it might be  (01:08:32) competitive for a period of time where another competitor will do a sales campaign  (01:08:35) that stuff goes on every day of the week around the country somewhere and we know how to respond to that. Victoria is really no different to anywhere else. I think, MRL, we're definitely seeing, cost stabilized, a lot of the work being done to reduce cost, find different ways to do the same stuff smarter.  (01:08:54) really strong focus on funnel – funnel of C&I customers, funnel of landfill customers. And they're working that hard and that's having a benefit, never been clearer for us how that funnel looks and how it comes towards us. And that – I'd say, that actually across Cleanaway the amount of work being done around funneling of customers, so we can manage them well on the way in and not miss out. It's really having benefits. So, how did that flow into energy from waste? I think, energy from waste, not much has changed there you know, as we didn't even mention in the call that because not much has changed, we still see ourselves as the originators of these projects. We know our customers want low-cost access. We know we don't need 100% ownership to do that. We're just using origination to get the access that we need at the appropriate time. It's very heavily policy and government driven. Everything that's going on in that space  (01:09:57) just because there's an election or whatever. I think the government of Victoria announced, they increased the cap. Our view would be that's nice, doesn't actually change anything because, there's only a certain amount of muni waste that is going to need to go to an energy from waste facility anyway, but it has been doubled. So this means there will be more cap allocated. We're just working sort of long lead time approvals synced to policy  (01:10:24) developments. So, I think, you wouldn't be thinking Cleanaway is going to be doing any sort of FID on any EfW project until 2027 and beyond. That's the kind of mindset that we've got just given where the policy developments are. Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Appreciate that. I'll leave it there. Thanks, gents.   (01:10:47) Thank you. Your next question comes from Owen Birrell from RBC. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Look, I just wanted to – I guess, further to lease question around the guidance range. I know you sort of highlighted the fact that you have narrowed your focus to the midpoint of the range. But you haven't narrowed the guidance range itself. I'm just wanting to get a sense of where you see the downside risks coming from. What sort of drags are you seeing that will possibly see – miss that midpoint and towards the lower end of that range to the AUD 395 million. What are you seeing terms of inflationary pressures? And are there any major contracts that you see rolling off during this half that are at risk for not being renewed? I mean, just on the last part,  (01:11:39) part. So, I think on the last part, major contracts. I mean, the major contracts  (01:11:44) major in the statement of Cleanaway, not really, but it's  (01:11:48) major kind of these are – health services, Victoria obviously  (01:11:53) government's pre-tendering the entire hospital system that tenders kind of like closed and they're deciding and we'll find out sometime soon hopefully. And that has had somewhat of an impact on Health in the second half of the year. But, again, it's kind of built in to all the numbers that we've talked about today. So in the spirit of transparency, I'll answer it like that. I think, just in terms – I know you guys are saying that sort of narrowing the range and all that sort of thing. Maybe I'd say it this way  (01:12:27) said before, but I'll say to this way. I think also like we could narrow the range. But I think it might be – it would have been a  (01:12:35) the low end of the range, having been  (01:12:39) AUD 20 million to AUD 40 million below the line. That's one of the reasons why we didn't do it. So just maybe to understand that it would have looked like  (01:12:47) but don't worry about this over here. That's just not who we are. So we just thought we'd leave it and allow you to focus your attention on the whole picture. Thank you. Your next question comes from of Oscar Gee from CLSA. Please go ahead. Good morning. Hi. Good morning, guys. Just on the operating cash flow. How should we think about the cash tax paid into the second half? Should we expect it to normalize into the second half or will that be more FY 2026? Yeah. So the way it works is having not paid tax for a number of years. We then had to do sort of a top-up for 2024 in December, so December 2024. Of course, the top-up  (01:13:39) the whole tax payments for AUD 93 million. So, if you think – if you use that as sort of a benchmark, that's roughly about AUD 8 million a month. And we resume paying installments in the month of March. In the second half, you'd expect to see something in the region of about AUD 30 million to AUD 35 million of tax in the second half. And that will continue month by month into FY 2026. We'll pay a top-up in 2026  (01:14:08) the 25 years, so assuming the tax – the total tax payment is roughly the same, you'll see probably another, say, AUD 50 million to AUD 60 million going out in December of next year. And then, essentially, we are just simply back on track again in terms of simply AUD 8 million a month or thereabouts as we go through. So, this operating cash flow figure really heavily impacted by essentially an aberration in terms of the catch-up tax payment. I think, the fact we called it out and, I guess, focused on the after-tax component. Does that make sense? Yeah. No. That's very helpful. Thank you for that. And then just on the capital expenditure. You've guided sort of last year to the AUD 50 million reduction in your CapEx moving forward. Looks like you've made that this year. Are you still confident you can meet that into FY 2026 and beyond or are you expecting some step-up? Yeah. Look, I mean  (01:15:08) the business is growing very strongly. But we think we can maintain that sort of CapEx envelope broadly in line of that approximately AUD 400 million. So,  (01:15:20) the step-up in 2026, we haven't finalized that CapEx budgets yet. I guess the key message is that you can be confident that we'll apply really stringent discipline to those capital decisions and we truly demonstrated that in this result. But we're not sitting here thinking that the AUD 400 million for 2025 is an aberration, far from it. That's the sort of run rate you'd expect to see going forward. Great. Thanks for that. And just one final one. You've spoken a bit about the performance at MRL. Looks like you guys are expecting it to be stronger into the second half. You flagged the performance improvement focus at the FY 2024 result. Can you just provide a bit more detail on some of the initiatives you took there? And how are you seeing that affect this half and the second half? Yeah. So I mean, I think it's a carry on, on things that we talked about before. So it's the – it's thinking about how do we minimize the costs. That could be sort of how we organize ourselves as a team  (01:16:21) it could be around how we use  tops (01:16:24) rather than  (01:16:27) arrived. We've done  (01:16:29) as well there rather than  (01:16:33) saving. So we've got all the US technology in – big strong focus on density. It's those sorts of things I think also impacting  (01:16:46) fleet where really had a strong focus around how we use our fleet into MRL, in terms of re-contracting, that work to be done by others where it could be done on a high-return basis by people like that rather than us doing it ourselves and us redeploying that into other capital projects. So, all those sorts of things are ongoing. I think, we can see also the expansion of waste codes. Work has really paid off. That's things like we say, expansion of waste codes. The example there is asbestos, for example. And we can see some increased volumes coming of that waste stream coming in to be safely dealt with. So, it's all of the work that the team and the foundations the teams laid all coming to bear together alongside increased volumes. Great. Thanks for that, Mark. And maybe if I can just ask one more. There's been some talk that the landfill level in New South Wales may be increasing significantly. To the degree that that happens, do you see any risk of losing volumes in New South Wales and potentially being diverted to other states? No. Yeah. That is against EPA policy to – EPA has a written-down policy around the movement of waste outside of the metropolitan area. So, basically, their policy is that if the waste is generated in the metropolitan area, then it needs to be disposed of in the metropolitan area. And if it's not, then the metropolitan maybe  (01:18:33). So, they're well attuned to that. We watch that carefully as well. And then, we certainly notify them when we see any sort of customers trying to take the piece on that element. Great. Thanks for that, Mark. Got it. Cool. Thank you. Your next question comes from Jakob Cakarnis from Jarden Australia. Please go ahead. Hi, Mark. Hi, Paul. Just wanted... Hi. ...to focus on slide 6, where you say restoration to be complete in FY 2025. If I then go and have a look at the accounts specifically around the Solid Waste business, you've reported an underlying EBITDA margin that's flat on the prior year. It looks like it's flat half-on-half in the second half. Am I right in understanding that a lot of the operational and productivity disruption was in that Solid Waste business? And, I guess, how much of that restoration is going to be realized run rate through FY 2025 and the continuation into 2026, please? Yeah. So I would say if you look at the restoration topics that we – that we called out, essentially, it was Queensland. We basically said that we completed in the 2024 year, it's the Health business that, basically, again, you'll see a green tick on the scorecard there. We're saying that's largely complete and obviously flows through to the Liquid Waste and Health Services sector. And I guess the final one is labor. In labor, we've scored ourselves as being a yellow. So, still on track – or still in progress. So, in terms of labor, obviously, the most significant labor force there is within the Solids business. I think we've done some really great work in terms of labor. So, you've seen voluntary turnover come down really significantly down to 16.8% at December with the leading run rate of about 15%. And over less than 12 months, down to two vacancies pretty much at record lows,  (01:20:43) is greater than 10 hours, again, coming right down. We're seeing some really nice benefits come through in terms of muni. So, we've seen some margin expansion in that business, largely driven by over-efficiencies. This is one area, I guess, that we have a question mark or where we feel we haven't  cracked the labor knot (01:21:06) yet, and that is within the Metro C&I business in particular, where we talked to, responding to Pete's question about volumes in Metro C&I, we're seeing that being a little bit softer. That's not loss of customer. That's simply the customer down-trading. That does have an impact for us in terms of route density, and therefore, the branch team needs to be quite agile in terms of how they schedule their labor and deal with routing. So, that's where you see the Branch-led Operating Model kick in and us providing tools to those branches to better able – or to help them to manage that labor challenge that they've got. So, the only thing that we don't think we've completed yet in terms of restoration would be labor, and that's labor within Solids and really quite narrowly within Metro C&I. And it's largely being driven by route density issue and the knock-on impact to labor productivity as opposed to anything else. But again, we can see a route there to fix that challenge as well. I think  (01:22:16) the restoration defined as  (01:22:19) and things like that as opposed to restoration as  (01:22:24), you know what I mean.  (01:22:29-01:22:37). Yes.   (01:22:38) financials. Yeah. We're  (01:22:43) comment about solid EBIT margin  (01:22:46). Yeah. Okay. I'll change tack a little bit. In the original operating excellence, was the cost opportunity in the LTS and Hydros business originally part of that package or is that incrementally announced today? No. I think if you talk about ops excellence, ops excellence is a group-wide initiative. When we announced it,  I must say (01:23:17) that wasn't something that we've considered at that time. But clearly, it falls into that same bracket as taking the existing asset base and working through how we can make it work more effectively and efficiently. So, it certainly is an outcome of that forward-thinking of it. It wasn't  envisaged at the time. It's (01:23:33) those sort of initiatives that could really take us to the at least AUD 50 million, up towards the AUD 100 million in terms of ops excellence. Yeah. I suppose for others that are trying to bridge from what looks to be an exit rate in 2025 to 2026, something like that's important to understand. But yeah, I appreciate that. Thanks for the color, guys. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Samantha Edie from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Good morning, Mr. Schubert, Mr. Binfield and the greater team. Thanks for taking my question. I just had a question on slide 30 of the  presser (01:24:13) that details the speed bump in CustomerConnect. So, just for modeling purposes, can you give us some detail on the AUD 30 million cost increase in terms of the timing and also the CapEx? And is there some of the AUD 30 million – is that included in the EBIT impacts you detail in that slide also? Yeah. No. So, essentially, the additional CapEx is roughly AUD 30 million  – I'll say (01:24:41) the additional spend is roughly AUD 30 million. Probably half of that, you should think as being capital in nature. The other half, you  should be regarding (01:24:48) as being expense because it's related to SaaS software. In terms of timing, again, we're supposed to have the project complete within the first half of 2027, and in terms of the capital spend, you should sort of view that as being relatively evenly split over the remaining time period. Okay, cool. Thank you. And then, I've just got one other question. So, fire risk has always been a part of waste management. So, are you seeing that the risk of fires is increasing because of, for example, batteries going into the waste streams? And then, can you also talk to how you might work with the industry and regulators on reducing the problem and recovering your costs going into the future? Yeah. So, what I'd say there is we're definitely seeing – we're definitely seeing more fires. But what we're seeing is the fires that we're having are lower severity. So, if you look at that pie chart on the HSE slide, you'll notice that medium and above fire percentages dropped. I know that's sort of ironic to say at the same time as we had the St Marys fire, which is obviously classed as a large fire. I think – well, I don't think any of us think at the moment that St Marys is related to batteries at this point in time. That's certainly not the hypothesis. But  (01:26:08) the investigation. Most of the fires  (01:26:12) batteries however, and there's a lot of work going on amongst the industry to kind of like – to work on that. The issue we have on batteries is that – the primary work that gets done is education of the community to sort of explain to them why you don't put a battery in a bin. Education is a  weight control (01:26:33) because it's administrative by nature. Therefore, what we've had to focus on is spending sort of AUD 20 million, AUD 25 million, AUD 30 million a year upgrading our fire systems, so that we get early detection and automation of response. I think in the case of the St Marys fire, the fire system that had been installed recently was the fire system that was used to fight the fire. And if you look closely at the videos, you'll see a big red pump with everybody standing around it as it was running  (01:27:10) hydrants that were then used with the fire monitors. And so, that's the sort of equipment that we've been installing progressively, starting with our highest risk sites through to our lower risk sites, with the idea of being able to try and keep – the fires will happen, but we'll try and keep the fires small. Okay. Thank you. And then, just given that you've had a few of these incidents over the past few years, is there any impact on your ongoing insurance costs and deductibles? Well, insurance costs and deductibles – well, insurance costs certainly have been coming down progressively over time, because I think we've talked about on these calls in the past that we've gone from sort of, when I joined, I think, 20 instances a year sort of thing where insurers were notified of a potential insurable event to a number of years where we had zero, and that led to deductibles coming down. Obviously, now we've had this event. So, obviously, we expect to see some response from the insurance market around that. But obviously, part of that also will be determined by the work we do around the cause and really understanding the nature of the event. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nathan Lead from Morgans. Please go ahead. Good day, Mark and Paul. Just a... Nathan, sorry... Good day. Nathan – hi, Nathan. It's  (01:28:36). Unfortunately, I've got to take Mark to do a little bit of – he's got some pre-arranged media commitment. So, just to let everyone know Mark's going to jump off the call. But Paul can stay on and continue with questions. Sorry about that, Nathan. That's good. No problems. Yeah.  (01:28:51). Good luck, Mark. Yeah, yeah. Go ahead. Okay. I'll fire away then. So, first up, MRL, that the comment was made on the call a number of times about how you're confident the volumes are going to be increasing. And apologies if I missed the explanation there. But could you just talk us through why you got that view? I mean, you – there was the comment about the asbestos increases. But is there anything else driving that? We're just seeing a little bit of increased activity, Nathan. So, we've obviously got a bit of a pipeline in terms of being able to see projects that we've either secured or are on the horizon, and that's giving us a degree of comfort that we can see that – what has been a relatively steady decline in volumes over probably the last three halves, we've now seen that stabilize and turn, and we have an expectation that volumes will be higher in the second half. So, MRL, is it still one of your highest EBITDA margin assets? Yes, it would be. It would be. Okay, great. Second question for me is, I'm just interested in the LFG monetization there. Yes. Was that tendered out or was it just a direct deal? Why did you...   Okay (01:30:10). ...did you choose to outsource instead of doing it internally? And do you have other options or opportunities on that front? Yeah. A great question. It absolutely was tendered. So, we basically – we looked at doing it ourselves. The fact is you're talking about – just for Lucas Heights alone, the replacement engines would be probably in the region of about AUD 50 million. So, we looked at a situation where we would tender it out. LMS was a successful player. They came back with some really quite innovative thinking. They also  (01:30:48) this is all these guys do. So, they really understand that situation well. They're expert in the field, and we felt they could bring some real value to the project. In terms of the profit split going forward, essentially, the way that you should think about this is that we contribute the landfill gas, they contribute the generation infrastructure. And in terms of the profit split going forward, we both enjoy sort of a baseline of infra-type returns. But any upside beyond that all goes to Cleanaway. So, essentially, we've got a situation here where we significantly de-risked the return with a greater expertise in place, and it's a capital-light solution. So, we're sitting here thinking this is a really nice deal frankly for Cleanaway shareholders. In terms of other alternatives  going forward or other (01:31:48) projects, importantly, the reason why the EBIT uplift for Lucas Heights was so significant is that those rights are currently owned by someone else that would revert to Cleanaway Jan. 1, 2026. So, with the other landfills, obviously, we own those rights already, albeit there are a number of situations where we think involving a third-party such as LMS will help us improve the efficiency, allow us to potentially improve the returns and do it in a capital-light manner. So, I can give – I'll give you a specific example. We currently have eight engines at MRL. We actually have the capacity to have a further eight on-site. We have enough gas for a further eight. That gas is currently being flared. So, we do take value from the ACCUs, but we don't enjoy any of the upside in terms of electricity generation. So, you can see a situation there where if you had someone such as an LMS come in and partner for those other eight engines, again, you have the ability to generate additional profit through electricity generation. But you have to share it, of course. Yeah, sharing it. Okay, great. Hey, just my third one is just can you give us an update on the Lucas Heights, I think it was, life extension? Was it Lucas Heights or Kemps Creek? Yeah. It was Lucas Heights. Yeah, Lucas Heights.   (01:33:24) there's a lot going on on-site in the sense lots of stakeholder engagement, planning and approval process well underway. In terms of like a site milestone, there really is nothing I can give you. But this is a project that we're absolutely committed to. Yeah. The state government are absolutely aware of the waste crisis that they've got emerging in New South Wales and are very supportive in terms of us pursuing that project. Brilliant. Okay. Thanks, Paul. Thanks, Nathan. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nicole Penny from Rimor Equity Research. Please go ahead. Hi, Nicole. Hi, Paul. Thank you. Could we confirm on slide 18 regarding the strategic review of Liquid Waste and Health for asset optimization appearing more than an internal focus? Is one of the potential outcomes perhaps more asset sales and divestments going forward? No. I think the focus there, Nicole, is all about looking at the current footprint of those two businesses and simply seeing where it makes sense to combine activities, simply where we can do things more efficiently and more effectively. So, no expectation of asset sales or divestment. Thank you. And then lastly, could we expand on slide 23 regarding the landfill gas contribution and forecast, please, and confirm whether this assumes no change to carbon credit accounting from the current regulatory landscape? Yeah. That is correct. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Very good. There are no further questions at this time, and that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you. That's lovely,  (01:35:23). Thank you very much for the time and engaging, and look forward to catching up with you over the next couple of weeks. Thank you very much. 
            