
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the GYG Half Year 2025 Results Webcast. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Steven Marks, founder and co-CEO. Please go ahead. Good morning, everyone. It's great to be here today to present GYG's results for the first half of 2025 financial year. Joining me at GYG's old central office in Sydney is my co-CEO Hilton Brett and our CFO Erik du Plessis. Together we are pleased to share the progress we've made in this half, none of which would have been possible without the hard work and dedication of our amazing crew, our valued franchisees, our loyal guests and our incredible suppliers. Today, I will provide an overview of the key highlights for the half. Erik will take us through our financial progress and then Hilton and I will share an update on our operational performance. I will then cover the outlook for the remainder of the financial year before we take any questions you may have. On slide 2, which should be familiar to you, we outline our vision, mission and values. Our vision is to reinvent fast food and change the way the masses eat. Has driven us since day one almost 20 years ago. This vision fuels our mission to become the best and biggest restaurant company in the world. As always, GYG is defined by our values, which you'll see outlined on this slide. These values are every decision we make, ensuring we never compromise on the quality of our food, our people, and our real estate. Slide 3 outlines GYG's global network, which now comprises of 239 restaurants, restaurants with 210 restaurants in Australia at the end of the half. Moving to slide 4, you can see that not only has our restaurant numbers increased consistently over time, but we've achieved a significant milestone, surpassing AUD 1 billion in global network sales over the past 12 months, further demonstrating our ability to drive compelling growth for a clean, fresh, made-to-order Mexican-inspired food. On slide 5, we outlined six key operational highlights delivered during the half. Firstly, we achieved a strong 9.4% comp sales growth in our Australia segment. Hilton will delve deeper into the drivers behind this result later in the presentation. Second, we successfully opened 16 new GYG restaurants across Australia, expanding our footprint and bringing GYG to even more communities and guests. As you all know, the success of our franchisees is paramount to GYG. I'm glad to share that as of December 31, our franchisees achieved a median ROI of 50%, with profitability continuing to grow. Throughout the half, we witnessed strong sales momentum, particularly in the delivery channel. This was fueled by the continued strength of our partnership with aggregators and our own GYG Delivery channel. Our marketing campaigns continue to deliver impactful results during the half. The Cali Burrito and Nacho Fries, Good Mornings Start with GYG and Iced Coffee campaigns resonated strong with guests driving traffic to our restaurants. Finally, demand for our value menu items such as the popular AUD 12 Chicken Mini Meal contributed to strong sales growth. Now I'll hand over to Erik, who will take you through our financial results in more detail from slide 6. Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Today's results demonstrate the strong and growing demand for GYG's clean, fresh food delivered at high speed. We delivered robust growth across all key metrics. Network sales grew by 23% during the period, driving a revenue increase of 27%. This strong sales performance was also accompanied by significant improvements in profitability, with net profit after tax increasing by 91% to AUD 7.3 million. Slide 7 provides further detail on our segment results. Segment underlying EBITDA, which excludes share-based payments and accounts for rental costs on a cash basis, provides a crucial metric for assessing our financial performance. It also allows for meaningful comparisons with our US peers. In this half, GYG delivered a strong segment underlying EBITDA of AUD 26.8 million, representing a 34% increase compared to the prior corresponding period. This strong performance was driven by robust sales and earnings growth in the Australia segment. This slide also outlines the reconciliation between our underlying performance and our overall earnings. As you can see, we achieved a strong 51% growth in profit before tax. Now I'll hand over to Hilton to discuss the performance of our Australia segment, which includes operations in Australia, Singapore, and Japan from slide 8. Thank you, Erik, and good morning, everyone. We saw strong growth in Australia and Singapore this year with restaurant sales increasing by 23% and 36% respectively. In Singapore, the launch of our Clean is the New Healthy campaign with no added preservatives, no artificial flavors, no added colors and no unacceptable additives also fueled strong sales growth. In Japan, our network sales continue to grow, increasing 8.6% versus the prior corresponding period. Moving on to slide 9. When it comes to delivering comp sales growth, we focus on five key levers. Throughout the half, we've made significant progress across each of them, contributing to our strong performance in Australia. Firstly, we have remained focused on utilizing the significant capacity within our restaurants. Our dual linear operating model and bespoke stickering system allows our restaurants to absorb increased demand and deliver significant comp sales growth. In fact, we set a new hourly record in one of our restaurants, more than AUD 10,500. Furthermore, GYG's top 10 restaurants by average unit volume have consistently demonstrated strong performance achieving double-digit comp sales growth throughout the half. Daypart expansion has also been a key driver. Breakfast has been a particular highlight, delivering 19% comp sales growth. This has been further supported by extended trading hours across our network. We now have 11 restaurants operating 24/7 and we've seen sales and earnings uplift across these restaurants as a result. Marketing has played a crucial role in driving comp sales growth. As Steven mentioned, our campaigns including the Cali Burrito and Nacho Fries, Good Morning Start with GYG and Iced Coffee have generated significant sales momentum. Innovation in our menu has also been a key focus. Our AUD 12 Chicken Mini Meal has been incredibly popular with our guests. We're also excited about the nationwide launch of our Street Corn and Little G's Bowl which we successfully trialed during the half. You've got to try the Street Corn. It's delicious, fresh, clean and only AUD 3.50. Love you. Finally, we continue to enhance our digital and delivery experience. Our strong partnerships with delivery aggregators, combined with the strength of the GYG app and digital only campaigns such as the GYG Socks campaign have contributed to our growth. Overall, we anticipate that these drivers will support the continued solid growth of GYG in FY 2025 and beyond. Moving to slide 10, another key driver of our growth is ongoing restaurant expansion. We're pleased to report that we have a robust pipeline of 103 board approved sites as of December 31, with 32 new sites approved during the half. This strong pipeline gives us the confidence in our network expansion plans as we strive towards our target of 1,000 restaurants in Australia over time. Now on to slide 11. When it comes to network restaurant margin in Australia, we believe these key drivers play an important role in our business. Firstly, we see benefits from improved operating leverage as sales increase. This allows us to spread fixed costs across a larger revenue base with an anticipated increase in sales, moving forward. We expect our operating leverage to lead improved margins over time. Secondly, our restaurant format and daypart mix, continue to evolve. A greater proportion of drive thrus in our network contribute positively towards margin growth, while breakfast and late-night sales offer incremental growth, lunch and dinner continue to be our highest margin daypart. Thirdly, we remain committed to offering value to our guests. We've seen strong demand for our value items during this half, which are typically lower margins. During the half, we observed some inflation in COGS, which we expect to continue in the second half, particularly due to seasonality of avocados. Our channel mix will continue to influence margins. Delivery sales are growing rapidly and have contributed to the strong growth in earnings. While these sales deliver a similar dollar profit per order, the inclusion of the delivery premium means these sales do generally have lower margins than our non-delivery channels. GYG Delivery was launched in FY 2024 and as it continues to grow, will provide us with higher margin delivery channel. Finally, as we continue to open new restaurants, there will be an initial dilution of margins as there is a three-month to six-month ramp-up period for profit margins as the restaurant matures. Overall, we are confident that the drivers of network margin expansion are firmly in place, setting the stage for continued margin expansion in the years to come. Moving down the P&L on slide 12, you'll see that corporate restaurant sales demonstrated strong growth increasing by 29%, driven by the key levers we discussed earlier. Corporate restaurant margins improved to 18% primarily driven by comp sales growth and the positive impact of the levers we discussed on the previous slide. Franchise and other revenues increased by 30%, driven by the addition of new franchise restaurants, strong network sales growth and growing number of franchisees transitioning to a tiered royalty structure. We are investing in supporting infrastructure to build a robust platform for future growth. As planned, G&A expenses increased to AUD 38.1 million, representing a 26% increase over the prior corresponding period. Overall, we achieved a strong segment underlying EBITDA results of AUD 31.8 million for the half, representing a 37% increase compared to the prior corresponding period. Slide 13 highlights the strength of our restaurant economic across the network. Median restaurant average unit volumes have demonstrated impressive growth, reaching AUD 6.8 million for drive-thru restaurants and AUD 4.8 million for strip restaurants. Median network restaurant margins have also increased to 21.8% for drive-thrus, reflecting the strong performance of this format. Margins for strip and other restaurants decreased slightly compared to the prior corresponding period, driven by the higher mix of delivery sales, which are lower margin. As you all know, the success of our franchisees is paramount to our own. Like Steven, I'm also delighted that the median franchisee return on investment at December was compelling at 50%. Median franchisee average unit volume also demonstrated strong growth, increasing about 4.8% to AUD 5.4 million. Franchise restaurant margins for the half were 20.2%, which continues to demonstrate the strong profitability of our franchisees. Now I'll hand over to Steven to discuss the performance of our US segment on slide 15. Thank you, Hilton. We remain excited about bringing GYG to Chicago and our focus on demonstrating proof-of-concept. The current performance of the US restaurant reflects the opportunity to increase brand awareness and improve the guest experience with network sales for the half decreasing 12.7% to AUD 4.9 million. In October 2024, GYG entered into a management agreement with the local operator to support the ongoing growth of its Naperville restaurant. This means that sales from our Naperville restaurant are no longer recognized as sales and GYG instead received a share of the sales of the restaurant accounted for other franchise and other revenue. This change contributed to the decrease in corporate restaurant sales for the period. In recent months, we have completed a number of actions to improve the guest experience, including strengthening restaurant level leadership and a deliberate increase in labor hours in restaurants. This has allowed us to deliver a consistently high quality guest experience with hot, delicious food served at high speeds. We have also continued to expand our local area marketing initiatives, including partnerships with schools and sporting groups to drive performance into the future. Corporate restaurant margins declined, reflecting the additional investment in restaurant labor ahead of anticipated sales growth. G&A for the period increased to AUD 3.8 million as we continue to – continued investment in above restaurant support. Moving forward, actions taken in the half in the upcoming introduction of a 100% Clean menu is expected to drive sales growth. Additionally, increasing network density in the suburbs of Chicago is expected to yield infill benefits and build brand awareness. I think – I am particularly excited about the upcoming opening of our Evanston restaurant near the Northwestern University campus, which will introduce us to a new demographic in Chicago. We are confident that we'll continue to focus on these areas, the US restaurants will reach target economics. It will just take some time, just like it did here in Australia. Overall, GYG remains very confident in its ability to demonstrate proof-of-concept in the US. I'll now hand over to Erik to step through cash flows, capital expenditure, and the balance sheet. Thank you, Steven. I'm now moving on to slide 16. We delivered strong cash flow conversion from earnings during the half. Adjusted cash conversion during the period improved to a 109% from 89% in the prior corresponding period. We define cash conversion as pre-tax operating cash flow, less lease payments, divided by our key metric, segment underlying EBITDA. The adjusted cash conversion ratio adjusts for the impact of IPO-related costs incurred in the prior financial year, but paid during the first half of FY 2025. As set out on slide 17, capital expenditure was driven by new restaurant openings and refurbishments, as well as new restaurants in progress. This totaled AUD 21.4 million on a net basis, including landlord contributions. Capital expenditure for our restaurants continued to be in line with our target economics of  AUD 2 million (00:17:17) for drive-through and AUD 1.8 million for our strip restaurant. Now moving on to slide 18. We ended the half with a healthy balance sheet that provides flexibility for future network expansion, with the net cash and term deposits position of AUD 275 million. Lease liabilities for the half increased to AUD 274 million, driven by network expansion, and GYG continues to have no debt on the balance sheet. On slide 19, we outlined GYG's guidance framework. Looking to the half ahead, we're focused on continued operational excellence and execution and delivering strong returns for our shareholders. Due to the strong sales momentum achieved in the half, GYG expects to exceed its F 2025 net profit after tax prospectus forecast. This will be supported by 31 new restaurant openings in line with our prospectus guidance. We expect corporate restaurant margins to land at approximately 17.8%. While this number is in line with our prospectus forecasts, I would like to highlight a couple of factors that are driving this number. Firstly, relative to our prospectus forecasts, we are continuing to see elevated share of delivery sales and value menu items, which are profitable but do come at comparatively lower margins. This has offset some of the operating leverage we have seen from strong sales growth. Secondly, as you will notice, our guidance for the full year is below the corporate restaurant margin that we achieved for the half. This reflects the higher proportion of sales coming from new restaurants in the second half, which temporarily deliver lower margins than existing restaurants. This fact is not new and was accounted for in our prospectus forecasts. The implied franchise royalty rate is expected to land at 8.3%, in line with prospectus forecasts and G&A costs as a percentage of network sales is expected to be 6.7%, reflecting the operating leverage of higher sales. I will now hand back to Steven to take you through our trading update and outlook for the remainder of the financial year on slide 20. Thank you, Erik. In the first seven weeks of the half, Australia segment's comp sales growth has exceeded our expectations at a strong 12.2%. This result reflects the continuation of strong performance in the first half and benefits from lower trading momentum in the prior corresponding period. Our strategic priorities are set out in the slide and remain unchanged. We are confident that by executing on these key priorities, we will continue to deliver strong results for our shareholders. Finally, I want to acknowledge that these results have been achieved due to the hard work and dedication of our amazing crew, our valued franchisees and our suppliers, who live our vision, mission and values every day. I can't thank them enough. Hilton, Erik and I would now be happy to take any questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Tom Kierath from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Morning, guys. Just a question on the 24/7 stores, I think you've got 11 at the moment and obviously growing pretty strongly that late-night daypart. Can you just maybe talk through how many 24/7 stores you might be able to have out in the next 12 months, 24 months. Is it only as the new drive-thru stores rolled out or can you actually convert some of the existing stores to 24/7? Yeah. Thanks, Tom. Great to hear from you. So at the end of the half, we had 11 and we've added one actually  (00:21:42) just opened up a couple of days ago and it's obviously trading very well. So for us the goal is for all drive-thrus and time to be 24/7. And as Erik said earlier, obviously breakfast continues the growth at a slightly less margin. And we're starting to see great sales growth at 9:00 PM through the breakfast and as GYG continues to roll out 24/7, we continue to develop the playbook for those hours. Obviously it's changing, cleaning schedules, rostering times, but the sales are there, the profitability is there and we'll look to continue to roll out 24/7 restaurants over time. Great. Great. And secondly, just on the seven-week trading update, 12% comps is obviously pretty solid. Is there anything in the prior period like some weakness that you're lapping or are there any kind of promotions or any kind of one-time effects that has supported that number? Or is it a pretty kind of stable, organic number that you've reported there? Good morning, Tom. It's Erik here. So the best way to describe the performance so far this half is that it's a continuation of the momentum that we had in the first half. But we have – we are now going into a period, comparative periods, which was a little bit softer. There's not really any one-offs in there. It's just was a little bit of a softer period. And then later in the half is when we launched Clean is the New Healthy campaign by which, as you know, generated significant momentum. So that's why, as I said, to describe this, just a continuation of the trading momentum we saw in the first half. Sorry, just to clarify that, so the trade – the trading period gets softer going forward. Sorry, you start lapping easier comps going forward or... No. ... can you clarify that? No, so the second half of last, the last, the prior corresponding period, so the last half was a little bit softer than the first half. So – and then as we continued through the half, we start lapping that Clean is the New Healthy campaign, which was a bit stronger. Okay. Okay, great. Thanks, Eric. Thanks, guys. Thanks, Tom. Thank you. Your next question comes from Shaun Cousins from UBS. Please go ahead. Great. Good morning. Maybe just a question regarding the corporate restaurant margin guidance of 17.8%, that's down versus the first half. What same-store sales growth is that based on? Is it based on the 4.8% as per your prospectus, or does it incorporate a higher rate of same-store sales growth? Maybe not the 12%, but certainly higher just given that we're trying to sort of square what is very strong operating leverage that would come for a business generating 12% comps with the degree of investment and delivery mix and value items. Maybe just your same-store sales growth estimates based on what you put out would be helpful to sort of square that place? Sure, Shaun. So we're not going to provide specific comps, sales guidance for the second half, but our estimate for the remainder of the corporate restaurant margin or our full-year corporate restaurant margin guidance is based on the continuation of trading momentum we're currently seeing in the business, over the last six, seven months. So it's not based on prospectus forecasts. Now clearly that that number is – happens to be the same as the prospectus forecast at 17.8%. But what it includes is the benefit of the operating leverage on higher sales, offset by the fact, as we talked about earlier, which is the higher sales and the higher share of delivery sales, which has been above our expectations and above the prospectus forecast and also the success of our value menu items and the success of 24/7 and breakfast. So those factors have offset operating leverage in the first half and is included in our guidance for the full year. Got you. Okay. That's helpful. So broad continuation of what has been sort of 9% for the first half and you've done very well for the first seven weeks, so you're not running it on 4.8% is what you're telling us? Yeah. That's correct. Great. That's fantastic. Thank you. My second question is on the US, network sales and I'm  (00:26:20), but network sales fell and it looks like they were down a little bit in the first quarter, but down quite a bit more in US dollars in the second quarter. You've called out adding labor in the second quarter or in the first half period. What is driving the decline in your US sales and how are you thinking about sort of effectively getting that returning that business, that US business to growth on a – I guess the same-store sales by contrast, you've opened a store earlier this year and looking to open at Evanston soon as well. Yeah. Thanks, Shaun. In the US, sales aren't growing as fast as we'd like, and part of it is, we're building brand and it takes time. We've never been more confident to  prove concept (00:27:06) in Chicago, I mean the food is outstanding. We're really investing in labor in our restaurants and operational support above the restaurants just to make sure that every guest that comes into GYGs, we're delivering that incredible GYG experience. We're obviously very excited about the next opening we have, which is March 11th in Evanston. It's our first college campus locations, obviously, for Northwestern University. And for us the real game changer will be, launched probably late March, and that's Clean is the New Healthy. You got to remember when we launched that here in Australia in 2019, if you look from 2019 to today, the restaurants, obviously, that we're trading during that time have doubled in AUV. And we truly feel that with our mission to reinvent fast food and change the way the masses eat. So basically be able to communicate our clean menu to our guests in Chicago will add benefit to revenue in our restaurants. Great. Thank you, Steven. Just to confirm, your sales are actually decelerating in the  (00:28:08) declining at a greater rate in the second quarter versus first quarter. Is that – sort of were just working at – in the US dollar basis, so it's not math right... They are little lighter, Sorry pardon me? Yeah, sales are a little lighter than we would like. Okay. Fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you. Your next question comes from Sean Xu from CLSA. Please go ahead. Morning, team. Thank you for taking my questions. Just to follow up on Tom's question. And – for your first seven weeks, Aussie segment comp sales growth, you mentioned that 12% was actually above your expectation. Could you please breakdown a few drivers' thoughts? What's leading to this upside surprise for you guys, please? Good morning, Sean. Erik here again. Look, it's really a continuation of what the fact is that we've seen throughout the first six months, which is just continues to be stronger than we anticipate, which is really pleasing. We're seeing the same things resonate with our guests, whether that be breakfast, whether that be 24/7, and whether that be the great offer we have across the whole menu. So there's not really one factor that's driving that 12.2% in the first seven weeks. No problem. Thanks, Erik. That's helpful. And maybe another question on your median number of the store on per franchisee. I believe it's still two. Did you see the number to improve over the next few years and how much is too much? Just very interesting how did you manage this process please. Thank you. So just for the benefit of everyone on the call, Sean just asked about the median number of franchisees or median number of restaurants per franchisee. So this is a number that is at the moment it's around two. We do expect it to increase slightly over the time because our franchisees are looking to expand with a keen to take on more restaurants. And that said, it's really on a case-by-case basis. We don't have a particular target, but we love – there's two to three restaurants per franchisee, we find tends to be a great number for our franchisees and for the business. But we don't have set numbers. We have franchisees that have many more restaurants up to seven or eight, and then there's franchisees that just have the one restaurant and doing a great job as well. So we'll just depend on the catchment and the particular franchisee in question. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Craig Woolford from MST Marquee. Please go ahead. Good morning, Steven, Hilton and Erik. Can I just ask a question about the information that's on slide 13 of your deck, which is the information about the profitability with different channels? Is it just a bit surprising that I know they're not the part of the growth of the business that strip and other had network restaurant margins  for (00:31:27). Is that for that same reasons as cited across the growth around delivery mix or is it some other factor that apply on the strip and other restaurants. Yeah, great question. I mean, one thing that we're already proud of, if you look at our restaurant network as of today, I mean, half of drive-thrus and 85% of our pipeline going forward to are drive-thrus and that's where obviously margins are expanding throughout our restaurants. I mean, we're banking more EBITDA dollars than ever. But you can see what our strips and others those have a higher portion of delivery sales, where our drive-thrus have less. So you're correct in that assessment. And so I would like  (00:32:09) to say I take strip average these up 7.5% and then the network restaurant margin for strip is down 1 percentage point. Are there any... Yeah. Yeah, what – was that sort of  (00:32:26) it's still it seems surprising that margins would decline. Yes, Craig. So this is exactly as Steven said, this is the share of delivery sales in strip restaurants are significantly higher than they are in drive-thrus. And so... Yeah. ...that disproportionately impacts the margin in our strip restaurants. That being said, and as Steven mentioned network restaurant margin of 18.8% for our strip restaurants is a fantastic, healthy position to be in and we're generating very strong returns in those restaurants. So we're really happy with the performance of those restaurants and we're delighted with the strong growth and delivery in those restaurants. So it's not something that concerns us. Yeah and then, as with those strip restaurants, we love to drive percentages of margins, but we also want to make sure that EBITDA dollars are going up. And that's what we're seeing across all of our restaurants. Absolutely. Got it. And just one other question. So just to clarify on the Australian G&A expense line, because you have, you have slightly ticked that down in terms of the outlook for FY 2025 versus prospectus. But in dollars, it's – I haven't done the exact math, but it probably is higher versus prospectus. If I'm right in that logic, what is the extra G&A costs that are being put in given the better sales results that the business is achieving? Yes, great. So the only variable at this stage relative to our prospectus forecast and the thing that's different to our plans is we are delivering above planned sales performance and as a result achieving higher than planned or budgeted earnings. And we have for our ops teams, we have a bonus structure where they share in that performance. And so it is likely that should sales and earnings performance continues, that we will pay a higher bonus than we initially forecast for those ops teams. At this stage, that's the only significant variation in our G&A plans for the full year. Understood. Just to clarify, not necessarily related to this particular half, but how should we think about that dynamic of bonuses and the impact on operating leverage and sales trends? So I guess what I will say on the bonus plan, we set very high targets for ourselves and while our budget, particularly for these operations bonuses and we're delighted in our performance at the moment and we're delighted when we reach those targets and pay those bonuses. It is not a significant impact on operating leverage. And so going forward, we don't anticipate the ops bonus plan to be a something that offsets operating leverage at all. Understood. Thanks, Erik. Thank you. Your next question comes from Elijah Mayr from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick ones from me. Just on maybe some sort of breakfast, you sort of got 200 stores here in Australia at the moment. Can you sort of give us a sense of how many stores during the period added the breakfast component, any kind of how many stores left in the current store network? Have you yet – have breakfast added to the offering? Yeah. There has just been a pretty consistent number of restaurants that have breakfast in the network. And so where there's the growth has come from breakfast, it's just greater awareness of the breakfast offer. And while there – we continue to roll out breakfast more broadly across the network, what we're really seeing is the impact of our marketing campaigns. Yeah, noted. And maybe secondly, just on the pipeline, sitting at 103, added 32 stores in the half. Can you give us a sense, maybe on a state basis or for a mature or regional basis on – a good color in those 32 stores that were added to the pipeline in the first half, the same way the incremental stores are coming from? With regard to our pipeline, what we see is that – it's across Australia. The particular focus on metro. But it's really across all states as you're aware, we've got a real estate development team of 10 people on the ground and they're getting obviously strong traction with 32 restaurants that with board approved in that first half. And so we're certainly seeing the new sites come up across the – across Australia, which is very pleasing. Excellent. And then maybe just any, any environment feedback. Just on the development side, feedback on access to opportunities or challenges in sort of getting that stores into the pipeline and competition feedback from developers, anything you can share around the current environment? From an environment perspective. I mean, we're obviously very pleased with the fact that we've now got a 103 restaurants in our pipeline, and importantly, those 103 restaurants are all board approved sites. A combination of obviously drive-thrus, where  (00:38:12) in terms of focus as you're aware from the focus perspective, we expect 85% of our future openings to be drive-thrus. So there's a combination of drive-thrus and strip restaurants. From a landlord perspective, there's obviously a lot of interest with landlords in terms of dealing with GYG and that's for a number of factors. Obviously reputationally, GYG has got a very, very strong reputation in the market also based on AUVs, we're in a position where we can secure those that extrapolate real estate across drive-thrus and strip restaurants. So we feel very confident in our ability to continue to drive our restaurant growth with 103 restaurants in the pipeline. We'll open the 31 restaurants this year, building up to 40 restaurants over in the next five years and well placed with our team to oversee  (00:39:05) our long-term goal of getting to 1,000 restaurants over time. Thanks for the question. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Billy Boulton from Morgans. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Appreciate all the color you've given today on the moving parts of your corporate store margin. I was just going to ask around the guidance you've given for expansion, if you could potentially give us some idea around the trajectory, whether it's more linear or whether it's more gradual. And yeah, because obviously drivers – of that around delivery and value. I'd expect those to be key drivers at comps going forward. So I just want to see if you'd give us some color on that. Yes. Thank you, Billy. Look, I think what I would say first, is the starting point, the drivers of margin expansion for the business is very much in place and Hilton covered them in the presentation today. So as we roll out drive-thrus, as we continue to deliver sales growth, as we continue to optimize breakfast and 24/7, there's significant opportunities to continue to drive margin expansion and drive operating leverage. The exact path of that margin expansion will depend on all of those factors, the degree of sales outperformance, the pace of drive-thru rollout, et cetera. But what we are expecting is for that to continue. So while I can't give a point-by-point estimate over the next few years, we do expect margins to be higher in each of the following financial years as we go forward in terms of corporate restaurant margins. We will also be providing it as we do now for the remainder of the financial year, the full-year results. We will be providing guidance on that number into F 2026 as well so that there'll be an additional column in. Okay. Thanks. And guys, just interested in any more innovation you've got coming this year? I appreciate you can't really say what is coming, but is there much in the pipeline and also with street corn, Steven, just interested in the rationale there, is the initial performance been solid? People asking about the economy and all I think about is corn, so I think that's a  (00:41:32) and other businesses. So street corn has been released. We had to change the ratio so you'll see a new street corn on Monday with 50% more corn, a little bit less chipotle mayo, a little bit less cheese and more pico. And that's how we look at food. I mean, it's such an amazing addition to our menu and for only AUD 3.50, which is obviously incredible value. I'll share some other things that we're working on in the kitchen, just kidding, I'm not allowed to share anything about our menu development, but we've got some amazing things happening at La Cocina, so stay tuned. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from  Declan Carrol from Wilsons Advisory (00:42:14). Please go ahead. Good morning, Steven, Hilton and Erik, thanks for your time today. My question is just around the sort of store opening mix. So I think back to your prospectus, you're guiding for 16 corporate stores and 14 franchise stores to be opened in FY 2025. But when I look at the presentation today, it looks like that skews, is this more towards franchise stores, you got 18 franchise and 13 corporate stores to be opened. Could you just give some color to what's driving that shift? Yes, absolutely. So one of the things we always say is – when we decide whether a restaurant will become a corporate or franchise restaurant, it is who can run that restaurant the best. It's not a financial decision. It's a decision that we make at the time and decide what is the best, the best operate at that restaurant. So there's been a slight shift. That shift occurs to the primary and that shift occurs is that the exact restaurants that fall into that mix do shift a little bit over time and so you might have a corporate coming forward or franchise going backwards. So that happens sometimes and in sometimes we make a decision that a corporate restaurants that we -- we had initially set up for corporate will become a franchise or vice versa. But the important thing is, it's not a financial target and it's about who can run that restaurant the best. So we're not concerned about that mix at all. And we do expect that 60-40 mix weighted towards franchise to be that the mix over the long-term. Yeah. No, that makes that make sense. And then just sort of touching about 60-40 split. Obviously you have long-term, you talked 60% franchise, 40% corporate. Looking more near term say FY 2026, FY 2027, is there anything that we should think that could materially alter that balance or is that a pretty good proxy to use – and we're sort of modeling  (00:44:29)? It's the best proxy to use. And then, as I said, this guidance framework will be updated at the end of the financial year. It will provide a mobile – update picture for FY 2026 when we next speak at our full-year results. Okay. Perfect. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Your next question comes from Peter Meichelboeck, back from Select Equities. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Just want to talk around the US performance per segment sales, which you alluded to earlier. Is there any – was there any noticeable sort of difference across the stores or was the sort of the weakness sort of – across broadly across all stores? Yeah, it was it was broadly across all stores and obviously it was slightly weaker than we wanted. And I think people need to understand, when you build a brand, it takes time, I mean, there's nothing like, GYG in the United States. We are incredibly confident that it will work. And obviously, our focus is just that in the suburbs of Chicago. We've got a great team in place and it's just getting our product into the people's hands of Chicago. As I said, we're super excited about our next opening, which is our first no college town campus. And obviously if you look at GYG, the University of New South Wales, Monash University, it's probably the number one obviously product on offer and obviously really excels. So it's just going to take time. We're very confident. We're obviously beginning to strengthen our pipeline there as well. And we hope once we launch Clean is the New Healthy, we'll start to continue to see, obviously, movement in revenue because the team's ready to deliver that experience. Great. And  to contest (00:46:19) quickly just on Singapore, I mean, you've got a good network there. They for sort of 10, 12 years. So it's good for good for prime. I'm just wondering if you've got a long-term aspirational targets for Singapore. I mean, you've spoken a lot about 4,000 for Australia and using McDonald's as a bit of a benchmark here. I'm just wondering about Singapore list of 135 McDonald's stores here. Is that the sort of target that we could be thinking about in that market? Well, you know, obviously, Singapore has done an exceptional job over the last 10 years. Really can't share what their goal is for, obviously, for the number of restaurants. But it's definitely higher than we are right now. And they're committed to rolling out, obviously, a decent number of stores in the future Right. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Tom Kierath from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Thanks. Just a couple of follow-ups. And just one to Craig's question on G&A, do you create a provision for the bonuses in the first half or does that all come through the P&L or the expense line in the second half? Yes, we do, is the short answer. So it's provided for as we go. Okay. Great. And just... Just to be clear that those operational bonuses are the targets that set every quarter. So that – and it incorporates current trading performance. Okay. Okay, cool. And then second avocados are you calling out the headwind there on the COGS line. Let's be interested, if you could give clarify how much of the COGS base that is and whether there was some consideration to take some price, which doesn't look like you have – excuse me, you have, but just given, how much that is of the menu or the COGS. Yeah. Tom, I'll answer that one because my whole life is about avocados. So I think I've got the knowledge and history over the last 20 years. So right now, avocados as a basis rolled into December, January to April because obviously, there's been a shortage. And so what's amazing with fresh fruit sometimes with quality when the quality is not where we want it is usually there's also supply issues. So avocados right now are costing us 0.6% more in our COGS. The great thing is, I mean, over the last five years, the supply has increased. It takes five years to grow, five years to seven years to grow an avocado tree. So what's looking like from April, there start to be some relief as we start to go into May, June, and there should be a bumper crop for avocados this year, which is exceptional. So like I said, to summarize that it's about 0.6% ahead due to it being in the mid-6s and that will start to come off starting April. Sorry. So it's 6% of COGS and it's going to get up with, at the moment 6.6% So right now the increase is 0.6%. I'd like to take that one offline. I don't understand. So you're correct. It's 6% of sales, or COGS I would as of course, I should say. 6%, of course. I should say 6% of course. And it just happens to be 0.6% above our plans. Got it. Got it. Okay, that that's really clear. Thanks, guys. Thank you. There are no further questions at this time, although I have back to Mr. Marks for closing remarks. Yeah, I just want I would like to thank obviously the team here at GYG and for everybody that's dialed in for the call. Appreciate your time and have a great day. Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            