
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Guzman y Gomez FY 2024 Results Webcast. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Steven Marks, Founder and Co-CEO. Please go ahead. Good morning and welcome to GYG's results presentation for the 2024 financial year. Together with my Co-CEO, Hilton Brett; and CFO, Erik Du Plessis, we're proud to present our first results as an ASX-listed company. This year has been a highlight and a remarkable journey, and we are excited to share with you our progress made over the past year, which would not have been possible without our amazing crew, franchisees, guests and suppliers. Onto the next slide, please. As you all know, our vision is to reinvent fast food and change the way the masses eat, which guides our mission to be the best and biggest restaurant company in the world. As has been the case since day one, we are always guided by our values set out on this page, which means we will never compromise on our food, our people and our real estate. Now on to slide 3. We closed the year with a total network size of 220 restaurants, with the majority of growth occurring in Australia. As can be seen here on slide 4, we've extended our track record in delivering compelling growth in restaurant and network sales, achieving AUD 960 million in global network sales this year. Reflecting on the year, there were nine important highlights, which can be seen on slide 5. The first is achieving 8.1% comp sales growth in our Australia segment, ahead of our prospectus forecast. Hilton will go into the drivers of this result later in this presentation. The second is the rollout of 25 new restaurants in Australia. What we would like to call out is that one restaurant forecast to open at the end of the year was delayed by three weeks and instead opened at beginning of FY 2025. This delay does not have any impact on our pipeline for our FY 2025 and our real estate pipeline continues to strengthen. Thirdly, we also had a series of menu innovations throughout the year. For example, our 100% clean, crispy, delicious chicken tenders, which have been extremely popular with our guests. This year, we also implemented a new suite of people systems, including the rollout of new human resources, payroll, and time and attendance platforms, which will allow our franchisees and corporate restaurants to access the same secure centralized systems. We also successfully relaunched our Clean is the New Healthy campaign, reminding guests of why they feel good after they eat our food. The launch of GYG Delivery was another highlight for the year, allowing guests to order directly, order delivery directly through our app. In the US, we also launched an updated version of our award-winning mobile app, improving the digital guest experience. As you all know, our franchising philosophy centers on the belief that the success of our franchisees is integral to our own. As at June 30, 2024, we are delighted to share that our franchisees achieved a median ROI of 53% and profitability continues to grow. Additionally, we also experienced very strong daypart growth this year, particularly in breakfast, which delivered 18% comp sales growth. Finally, our commitment to sustainability underpins our mission to be the world's best and biggest restaurant company. This year, we transitioned our most used food packaging to PFAS-free packaging made from sugarcane, a renewable source that is certified compostable. I'll now hand over to Erik, who will talk through our results on slide 6. Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Today's results demonstrate strong guest demand for clean, fresh food delivered at high speed. The company delivered strong growth across key revenue and earnings metrics, all ahead of prospectus forecasts. Our statutory loss after tax for the year was AUD 13.7 million, better than prospectus forecasts. Adjusting for the costs related to our IPO this year and other one-off costs, our pro forma net profit after tax was AUD 5.7 million, again well ahead of prospectus forecasts. We will now go into our segment underlying results, which are on slide 7 of the presentation. Segment underlying EBITDA excludes share-based payments and the impacts of the lease accounting standard. We believe that this is a critical measure as it allows you to assess the financial performance of our business and enables direct comparison to our US peers. GYG delivered underlying EBITDA of AUD 39 million, an increase of 48% on the prior year, underpinned by the performance of the business in Australia. This slide also provides a clear reconciliation of how underlying performance translated to overall earnings performance, including material growth in profit before tax. I will now hand over to Hilton to cover off the Australian performance. Thanks, Erik, and good morning, everyone. We saw the majority of network sales growth occur in Australian corporate and franchised restaurants over the year, growing by 27%. We were also pleased with the growth in our restaurants in Singapore and Japan, which are owned and operated by our master franchises. Comp sales growth, as Steven mentioned, was strong and we will go into more detail on this in the next slide. Now moving on to slide 9. When we think about comp sales growth in our business, we believe that we have five key levers at our disposal. Throughout the year, we have made strong progress across these levers, which has contributed to our strong result in Australia. The first is restaurant capacity, which is the ability of our restaurants to absorb high volumes at quick speed. A dual linear operating model has allowed us to absorb incremental volume and drive growth, with 103 restaurants achieving weekly sales records across lunch and dinner. We also are not seeing any constraints to volume capacity as can be seen in our weekly sales records of AUD 258,000 and AUD 248,000 in our drive-thrus and strip restaurants. Daypart expansion has also been a lever that we've been able to use to drive growth. Breakfast expansion has been a highlight, reporting 18% comp sales growth for the year. This has been augmented by extended trading hours across the network. As at the end of the year, we have five restaurants trading 24 hours a day, seven days a week. And we are pleased with the results of this initiative. Marketing is another strong driver of comp sales growth for the company. In 2024, we launched Clean is the New Healthy campaign, which contributed to the improvement in sales momentum. Innovation in our menu is another lever that we have made strong progress on. This year, we launched our Crispy Chicken Tenders, AUD 12 Chicken Mini Meal and Nacho Sundae, which have been very popular with our guests. In particular, our AUD 12 Chicken Mini Meal has been gaining traction as guests increasingly search for value. Finally, we have also driven comp sales growth through improving the digital experience, launching GYG Delivery, which Steven mentioned earlier, and successfully deploying GOMEX Mondays, which allows guests to earn double loyalty points. Overall, we expect these drivers to allow us to continue to drive sales growth in the business in FY 2025. The other key driver of our business is new restaurant openings, which can be seen on slide 10. We are pleased to report that we have 91 board-approved sites in the pipeline as at the June 30, 2024, of which 46 were approved in financial year 2024. This gives us confidence in our ability to continue to expand the network to our 1,000-restaurant target over time. As you know, we opened 25 new restaurants this financial year in Australia. Working our way down the P&L on slide 11, you can see that corporate restaurant sales were also strong, increasing 32% on prior year as a result of the levers discussed previously. Corporate restaurant margins improved significantly to 17.4%, driven by comp sales growth, improvements in the cost of food and packaging, and a shift in restaurant mix towards drive-thrus. Franchise revenue increased 30% due to new franchised restaurants, network sales growth, and an increased number of franchisees shifting to the tiered royalty structure. We have been investing in the supporting infrastructure to establish a platform for future growth. As a result, pro forma G&A spend increased to AUD 64 million, representing a 37% increase on prior year. This landed us at a very strong pro forma segment underlying EBITDA results of AUD 45.6 million, 49% higher than last year. Our business model is underpinned by strong restaurant economics across the franchise and corporate network, which can be seen on slide 12. Median restaurant AUVs increased AUD 6.3 million for drive-thru restaurants and AUD 4.5 million for strip restaurants. Similarly, median network restaurant margins have increased significantly. As you all know, franchisee health and ROI is of paramount importance to us. As Steven mentioned, median franchisee ROI for the year was 53%, an increase of 6 percentage points on prior year. Median franchise average unit volume was AUD 5.1 million, an increase of 13% on prior year. This has flowed down to margins as franchise restaurant margins increased to 21%. Now on to slide 13. Our results reflect the nascency of our business in the US and ongoing investment of restaurant. We opened one new restaurant in the US, and network sales increased 82% to AUD 11 million. Corporate restaurant margins improved 3.6 percentage points as network sales increased and operating expenditure efficiencies were realized. G&A for the year increased to AUD 5.5 million, reflecting investment to drive performance of the US segment. Pro forma segment underlying EBITDA for the year was a loss of AUD 6.5 million. I'll now hand over to Erik to step through the cash flows, capital expenditure, balance sheet and our outlook. Thank you, Hilton. Now moving on to slide 14. We delivered strong cash flow conversion from earnings during the year. Operating cash flows increased to AUD 54 million, driven by disciplined performance throughout the year. The majority of our IPO proceeds were invested in term deposits, which you can see in our investing cash flows. Lease payments, which include both principal and interest, increased throughout the year as we expanded our network. As set out on slide 15, capital expenditure was driven by new restaurant openings, refurbishment and the Hola Central expansion, totaling AUD 33.5 million in gross capital expenditure and AUD 27.4 million on a net basis, adjusting for landlord contributions. This included the opening of 12 new corporate restaurants in Australia, one of which was converted to a franchise in the year. US capital expenditure also included one new corporate restaurant opened during the year. Now moving on to slide 16. We ended the year with a robust balance sheet that provides flexibility for future network expansion with net cash and term deposit position of AUD 295 million. Our cash is currently returning a weighted average interest rate of 4.8%, ahead of prospectus forecast. Lease liabilities for the year increased to AUD 240 million, driven from network expansion as I mentioned previously. We made a repayment on outstanding debt and as at June 30, 2024, GYG has no debt on the balance sheet. Equity for the year also increased significantly to AUD 354 million, primarily driven by the increase in the issued capital as a result of the IPO and pre-IPO processes. Looking to the year ahead, we're focused on continued operational excellence and execution, and delivering on our prospectus forecast. Taking a look at our guidance framework on slide 17, we are on track with achieving the targets for F 2025 and we will continue to update our guidance on this framework as we move forward. We continue to make strong progress towards our medium-term targets, which are opening 40-plus restaurants per annum, expanding corporate restaurant margins, organically growing the franchise royalty rate, and reducing G&A as a percentage of network sales. I'll now hand back to Steven to cover the outlook for F 2025. Thank you, Erik. Trading in FY 2025 has started well and our sales performance has been above our expectations. Comp growth in our Australia segment in the first seven weeks has been strong at 7.4%, driven by the Clean is the New Healthy campaign, delivery outperformance and guest demand for value items such as the AUD 12 Chicken Mini Meal. We expect to meet our FY 2025 forecast for new restaurant openings and our pipeline continues to strengthen. As mentioned earlier, one restaurant forecast to open was delayed by three weeks, opening after the end of the period. As a result, we expect to open 31 restaurants in FY 2025 in Australia. We have commenced a partnership with a local operator in Chicago to support the growth of our Naperville restaurant. We do not expect this to have a significant impact on GYG's earnings in FY 2025. Overall, we expect to achieve our prospectus forecast for the 2025 financial year. Hilton, Erik and I would now be happy to take on any questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  We ask that you please limit yourself to two questions at a time and rejoin the queue if you have any further questions. Your first question is from Tom Kierath from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Morning, guys. Just be interested in how you saw the impact of the IPO on trading. Obviously, there's lots of press around the IPO for a few months there, but it might just be helpful just to talk us through what happened in the second half just in terms of trading cadence and whether there was an impact, like a positive impacts from all the media, etcetera, from the IPO process. Hi, Tom. It's Erik here. Look, I wouldn't say the IPO process, in particular, has had a significant impact on ourselves. What is much more important is our Clean is the New Healthy campaign and the great food we're serving in our restaurants. So we didn't see that as a significant contributor to our trading momentum. Yeah. Okay, cool. And then, yes, second is you converted, I think, five stores to 24/7. Can you maybe just talk through what happens when a store goes from kind of normal trading to 24/7? And then secondly, like how many stores are you looking to convert to 24/7 in the 2025 year? Yeah. So as of today, we have seven that are trading 24/7 and there'll be more to come. The great part about that is for 24 hours, we really just had two menus, obviously, and then lunch and dinner and breakfast had kicked in. And as you can see by the results, the comp growth of those stores have been positive. Is there an uplift that you get when you convert? Like is it 10% or 20%, or is it more? Well, there's definitely an uplift. And it helps the shoulder hours in the restaurant. Obviously, now there's 24 hours to enjoy GYG. So obviously, our guests really enjoy that and we have more in the pipeline to trade over to that 24/7 timeframe. Okay. Got it. Thanks. Thank you, Tom. Thank you. The next question is from James Ferrier from Wilsons Advisory. Please go ahead. Good morning, Steven, Hilton, and Erik. Thanks for your time. Could I ask you firstly about the corporate restaurant margin? So the FY 2024 result there beat the prospectus forecast by 30 basis points. So that probably implies the second half beat by 60 basis points. I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about what drove the margin improvement year-on-year. But could you firstly just clarify what drove the margin beat relative to the prospectus forecast? The primary reason that we see improvement in our corporate restaurant margins is operating leverage as a result of higher sales. And as we talked about, we outperformed prospectus forecast as a result of an improvement in trading momentum above our expectations, and that has flowed through to corporate restaurant margins. Understood. Thank you. Second question is around the comments on the first seven weeks of trading in the new financial year. One of the drivers mentioned was the delivery outperformance. Can you talk a bit about how that has translated into the contribution of delivery within the network sales? I think in the first half, it was 23% from aggregators and 17% from owned digital. So I'd assume it's increased further from there. So if you could just shed some color on that contribution. And then secondly, what share of owned digital is delivery and how that margin differs to aggregator delivery, please. Sure. So as we talked about, delivery performance was also stronger than we expected. There's a couple of reasons for that. The first is the launch of our GYG Delivery, which for the first time allowed our guests to order delivery directly through our app. And that's powered by Uber. This has been a really pleasing initiative and we're very happy with the way that started. Just touching on your margin point while I'm talking about that, it is a beneficial arrangement for us in terms of margin and we're hoping to continue to drive GYG Delivery as a part of our overall mix. So we expect that to increase over time. We've just launched it and we're working hard and continuing to increase it, but it did contribute to delivery outperformance. The other reason is the significant support we continue to get from our delivery partners. We're an important partner to them and they're an important partner to us. And that partnership is working really well at the moment and that's contributed to delivery sales being ahead of our expectations. Understood. Thanks for your time. Thank you. The next question is from Melinda Baxter from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Okay. Good morning, guys. Just wanted a follow-up on that Australia corp restaurant margin. So given the 30-basis-point beat in 2024, how should we think about that in terms of the 17.8% guidance for 2025 given that, obviously, we're still seeing that strong sales cadence going into the new year? Yeah. So look, all else being equal, higher sales do translate to strong operating leverage. It's a function of our business and a function of operating leverage, as I said. So our rent and our other fixed costs stay relatively constant and sales growth translate to improved earnings margins as we – on a variable basis. However, we're just starting the year and we're not quite – we need to work through the rest of the year to see how sales performance develops. And that's why we're sticking to our forecast guidance that we laid out in the prospectus because we're just at seven weeks into the new financial year. Okay, great. Thanks. And just my second question. Can you just provide us a little bit more detail around the partnership arrangement in the US? Is that a franchisee arrangement and then how should we think about longer-term investment in the US in terms of split between corporate and/or franchisee partners? Yeah. So at this moment, the partners we have in the US, it's – they're operating partners since we're not registered yet as a franchise. And what's important about that is if I take us back to 2009, as GYG had about five, six restaurants in Australia, a family called Maradiegue family were our first partners in Queensland and really put GYG on the map. And meeting our partners in Chicago, who are local successful restaurant operators, is the same case. So we're bringing people who know the community. Obviously, they understand what people want to eat in Chicago. They're very optimistic with GYG, and this is the beginning of our relationship. And as all great things, things take time. So we're very excited to have them on our team and look forward to the progress that we'll make together. Great. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from Lochlan Halloway from Morningstar. Please go ahead. Good morning. Can you hear me? Good morning. Good morning. Yeah, just quickly. One on Australian comp sales number. It looks like you'd be outperforming some of your QSR peers there, but I want to know if there any divergences you're seeing in sales growth on the sort of more recently opened stores post that 56-week trading mark for inclusion and the sort of more mature established stores in your network. Thanks. Yeah. So our comp performance of – there's always variability within a store network and sales performance. But while we really pleased with the consistency of our sales growth across the network, so we're not really seeing any significant differences between newer open stores and all the stores. So we're pleased with the broad-based growth of our sales. Right. Thanks very much. And just one quick one on the customer base and demographics you're seeing there. The Guzman customers skews little younger from the macro data. That looks like that's the demographic that's sort of under the most pressure. So any sort of divergence that you're seeing across your age groups, particularly in that first sort of seven-week trading period? We continue to see strength in the younger demographic. I mean, obviously 18 to 35 is very strong for GYG. But we all spend a lot of time in our restaurants, and the younger generation is definitely coming in, which is great for us to see. All right. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Thank you. The next question is from Shaun Cousins from UBS. Please go ahead. Ah, thanks and good morning. Maybe just a question, please, on the US. Can you talk a bit about how you're thinking about the mix of stores going forward and more generally how you go about brand awareness? Because that seems – what have been there seems to be an area of improvement that's required. Yeah, definitely. Well, as we mentioned in the prospectus, we decided to have 15 restaurants in the suburbs of Chicago. And until they reach the economics of AUD 3 million AUV, which will give them similar Australian four-wall margin, obviously, there won't be expansion post that point. But you're correct, Shaun, we have four restaurants right now that are spread apart about an hour each and the next three restaurants will start to infill. That area will give us a lot more brand awareness. And it's like how we built that here in Australia. Everything takes time. We've got our team in place now, which we're obviously very happy with. Still very optimistic. What we think our food's a differentiator. Our operating model is different. The fact that we do Minis, we have – our AUD 3 taco is a $2.50 taco there. We have great local area marketing people in place and it all comes down to trial, right. We need people in the restaurant trying GYG because we truly believe once they try it, obviously frequency follows next. Great. And my second question is just around broadly on breakfast. If we think about how you grow, daypart participation is really important. Some of your more established peers do a lot of business during breakfast. How are you progressing breakfast? And then one that's a little bit more nascent as well is coffee. We sort of see those as two options that actually help you drive hours trading, but then also can help you increase your weekly sales. How are you across breakfast and coffee, which is part of that, I guess? Yeah. Well, Shaun, that's a great question. It's a huge focus for us because I'm not sure if everybody in the call has tried our breakfast, but it's the best thing that GYG sells. Besides obviously the excellent quality, the value was just tremendous. And you're right about coffee. So our operations team have been in restaurants, obviously working with the baristas to make sure our coffee is spot on. And it will be a major focus of ours in the following months to make sure that we drive breakfast sales in our restaurants, which are currently sitting in about 6% to 7% of our sales. Yeah. Fantastic. Thanks, Steven. Thanks, Shaun. Thank you. The next question is from Billy Boulton from Morgans. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. I'm just seeing plenty of deals at the moment and promos on aggregators, like a sort of AUD 5 Burrito last week, which I assume was a big hit. Can you just talk to the strategy there? Is this simply that you see this as a good avenue for new customer acquisitions? And are these promos and stuff all funded by GYG or are they shared with the aggregators? Good morning, Billy. So when I mentioned the great partnerships that we have with our delivery aggregators, this is part of what I was referring to. GYG never funds the promotion of GYG products on a discount basis. So from time to time, our delivery partners, our  (00:29:00) partners choose to discount GYG product, which they fund. Okay, great. And I get that timing issue, which is the slight delay. Can you just talk about any internal buffers you guys have built in to the pipeline for your store rollouts in case anything goes wrong and how we should think about that? Hi, Billy. Hilton here. Yeah. So as we've mentioned before, there's always slippage in terms of restaurants in terms of timing, as you know, from a construction industry perspective. So we've always got more restaurants in the pipeline than what we plan to open. And as a general rule, you'll kind of generally see there could be a delay of up to 20%. So from a pipeline perspective, we've always got a buffer in our pipeline as far as restaurants are concerned. When you look at our overall pipeline, we got 91 restaurants in our pipeline to open, of which we board approved 46 restaurants last year. Okay. Great. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from Tom Kierath from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Hi, good day, guys. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Just how are you thinking about launching new products this year? I know you've done chicken tenders, which have been pretty successful, but I don't expect you to say which products. But are there new products coming and how should we kind of think about the contribution of those? Well, there's always a lot of stuff happening at la cocina, which is obviously GYG's kitchen. And obviously we brought mushrooms back, which everybody loved, especially during breakfast. But another highlight for us is we've had a gentleman named Nate Appleman, who is the Head of Culinary and Culinary Innovation at Chipotle, join us. So he's moved with his family from Los Angeles, from the California area to Sydney. And we've got a lot of interesting things we're working on, which we can't tell you yet, but I'm sure our guests would love. Nice. Nice. And then secondly, just the 7.4% comp for the first seven weeks, can you say what you're lapping in the prior period? Because I think you took quite a lot of price in May and July last year. So I would've thought that you're actually up against some pretty strong comps in the prior period. Hi, Tom. Yes, that's correct, in terms of the price increases at that time. We are not providing a breakdown of that period other than in the prospectus, as you know, our first half comps were about 10% last year. So that's what we're up against. Okay. All right. Good enough. Thanks. Thank you. The next question is from James Ferrier from Wilsons Advisory. Please go ahead. Thanks for the opportunity for a couple of follow-ups. So on breakfast, first. You mentioned there that the same-store sales growth for the full year came in for that daypart at 18%. That was so consistent with the first half, whereas if you look at the overall same-store sales growth, it slowed from first half into second half. So what sort of trends, if any, obviously positive, but what insights are you gleaning from that in terms of the traction you're getting with breakfast with the daypart relative to the overall same-store profile? Hi, James. You're right that breakfast has been consistently a strong performer for us, which is part of the reason we're so excited. We think the primary reason that breakfast is going so well is because our guests are discovering this great part of our menu for the first time. And there's still a lot of opportunity in breakfast. I mean, we haven't talked about it a lot from a marketing perspective. And there's a lot of our guests who eat with us at lunch and dinner that aren't currently eating with us for breakfast. So we're excited about that daypart and that is consistently outperforming the rest of the overall network. And so then a follow-up there. With that breakfast daypart, are you finding that your new customers, I guess, will use the GYG app as the example here because it's your own data? But are you acquiring new customers into GYG through that daypart or is the same-store sales growth primarily a function of existing lunch and dinner customers that are moving into the breakfast daypart? It's been a mix of both. We'll break it down on the call here. But it's a mix of both, where we – obviously, the convenience of being able to get coffee and breakfast product on the go in a drive-thru environment convenience is something that is – if not unique in the market, certainly rare. They're certainly unique at the quality of the product. And so that's it as why there's significant opportunity for us. And then also, it is quite a different product. So many of our guests are eating with us at lunch and dinner and also at breakfast. So it's a combination of new guests and existing guests shopping with us. Thanks. And then just last one. Any recent trends you can shed some color on in terms of the new store development costs, please? What we've seen is obviously through the COVID period, you saw increased costs come through in terms of build costs. We've seen that moderate and we're seeing consistency now in terms of our build. So certainly less increases as far as costs are concerned and consistent around the cost of building on new restaurants. Thank you. Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand back to Mr. Marks for closing remarks. Well, I just want to thank everybody for their time today and as it's being 11:35, it's time to visit your local GYG for lunch. We'll speak to you all soon. Thank you very much. Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            