
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the HUB24 Limited FY 2024 Results Briefing. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Alcock, Managing Director and CEO. Please go ahead. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our FY 2024 full year results briefing. It's great to have you all with us, and thank you for your interest. We're very, very pleased to update you on what's been a remarkable year in many respects, HUB24 in terms of our performance, our strong prospects for our ongoing feature and our strategy to continue to transform and change this great industry. We're looking forward to briefing you. And today, with me, I've got Kitrina Shanahan as always, our CFO. We'd like to try and maximize our time. We always say this, but trying to keep as much time as possible for questions. So we'll fly through some of the slides and pause where we need to, but absolutely keen to maximize the opportunity for those to ask questions. In terms of our highlights and operating view. And before we turn to the financial highlights, I thought it would be good to talk about how focused we are at HUB24 on powering better financial futures together. It's our purpose. It underpins how we operate. It underpins how we develop our products and our strategies. It really is about us aligning with building a better wealth system for Australians. And with our vision of leading the wealth industry as the best provider of integrated platform, tech and data solutions on this particular site, underpinning that vision is a summary of our current position in terms of achieving that. We are recognized as Australia's best platform. We are number one for annual and quarterly flows into retail superannuation. In fact, we're number one – I'm sorry, platform flows and retail super within platform. We're number two, if you like, in Australia across all superannuation funds, including industry funds, where members choose to switch to a new fund. So we're number two behind Aussie Super there. We obviously have our managed accounts capability, which again has been number one across the industry. Our SMSF space, provider of the year for the platform, and in our class business, number two for market share and number two for corporate compliance software as well, and we have the leading portfolio solution. When you look at those capabilities together and how we plan to integrate those with others and other manufacturers and providers and tech players across the industry, we're certainly well on the way to playing that leadership role as having the best integrated platform, data and tech solutions. Of course, we certainly aim to operate and grow our business with consistent and reliable shareholder outcomes. The charts on the screen now talk to our full year compound annual growth rate for our funds under administration, and you can see that's at 57%. And our group revenue and group underlying EBITDA full year CAGR is 42% and 47%, respectively. They are consistent, reliable results. We certainly try to run and operate the business to get that growth, but also to balance that with the award to win and also balance that with the emergence of profit and revenue for shareholders. And so it's a great accolade to us to be able to do that, I think, and we hopefully aspire that in the future as well, whilst balancing that customer service and execution of strategy, delivering reliable results is key for us as well in our business. On to our financial highlights for FY 2024, Kitrina will unpack some of these numbers with you in more detail with some commentary a bit later on in the presentation. But looking at the highlights there from the revenue point of view for the group and the Platform, up 17% for the group with AUD 327 million of revenue, Platform's up 21%, and Tech Solutions' up 5%. Similarly, in our underlying EBITDA, there's a 15% growth in the group total underlying EBITDA to AUD 118 million, and the Platform to AUD 103 million, up 21%; and Tech Solutions up a little bit as well, AUD 22.1 million. On the right-hand side, absolutely delighted to talk about statutory NPAT, which is up 24% to AUD 47 million, but underlying NPAT up 15% to AUD 67 million. We've got a fully franked final dividend that we've determined of AUD 0.195 per share, and that's up 5% as well. And the underlying EPS on a diluted basis is AUD 0.81 per share, up 14%. Taking a look at where we finished the year with Platform FUA and FUA overall, we're at AUD 84.4 billion at 30th of June. But now as we speak as of Wednesday last week on the 14th of August with AUD 87.1 billion. And we can talk about the composition of that market moving and so forth a bit later on. But really, that's a AUD 20 billion increase, or greater than a AUD 20 billion increase from where we were this time last year. And our PARS FUA was also up and total FUA up to AUD 104.7 billion. So Kitrina will unpack some of these later in the presentation. Looking to the business highlights and some of the achievements for the year, on the left-hand side of this slide, once again, record inflows of AUD 15.8 billion for the business, including some large transitions, but also if you normalize those out from the result, the organic flows on the normal left flows are also in line with our record in 2022. Number one across major advisory and platform industry surveys, got a slide on that a bit later on. We're very delighted to have completed those large migrations last year in 2024 with more to come in 2025, and the completion of the integration program for Xplore Wealth, having delivered the synergies that we talked to the market about as well. There's been really strong growth and exciting news coming out of Class, and now NowInfinity. NowInfinity having really strong growth, we've got some great enhancements coming out in the Class business to help customers, accountants and so forth with their products, and really hopefully a step change in some of the features that help the efficient administration of super funds and other products with Class. And myprosperity offer, we launched a national offer through licensees. We're having, as we speak, some great workshops with lots of advisers coming to demonstrations of myprosperity and seeing some great results starting to come to pass in terms of take-up myprosperity. And of course, we always continue to invest in our business for the future. We certainly spent some time investing on data infrastructure, security and privacy to enable our strategy and support our customers moving ahead. On the right-hand side of the slide, some product stuff there in terms of initiatives we've done for our customers, new products to meet evolving needs with Discover, our cost-effective offer on the HUB24 platform, designed for clients with less complex needs. That's been out in the market. It's going really well in terms of flows and support. We have a pilot now for high net wealth segment with integrated non-custody admin and reporting attached to our platform, and we certainly intend to extend that over time as well. Our reporting feature continues to lead the market and we enhanced that during the year with HUB24 Present, now enabling even more personalized client reports. And of course, we added the AGILE products being the retirement product from Alliance Retire Plus onto the platform as well. So some great highlights there about what we've done in our business and some great highlights there about us continuing to innovate and meet the needs of clients certainly through the lifecycle and the changing needs of Australians. Taking a look at some of the recognition here. I didn't want to gloss over this. It's an amazing accolade for us and something that we're very proud of, and we know that it comes with hard work. It also comes with some humility as well that you've got to keep working at awards and customer service. But we pretty well had a great year in terms of being best overall platform two years running from investment trends and the subcategories are there on the slide. When we look at the Technology Needs Report as well, number one Overall Satisfaction for Wrap Platforms in subcategories there. Adviser Ratings, we pretty much won all categories, and Wealth Insights as well, with the adviser sentiment on the platform and SMSF Platform of the Year. These are great accolades for us. And whilst we don't strive to win the awards, we strive to delight our customers, and it's a testament to our strategy and our focus that we're getting the customer service right, we're also building the right features to support the future of this industry and what our clients and advisers need, puts us in a great position to continue our ongoing growth and to transform the industry and hopefully extend our market leadership ahead of competitors. If we take a look at the adviser base and the financial adviser base supporting the platform and our access to that adviser base and the FUA growth to-date on this particular slide, you can see that since FY 2020 we had almost triple the amount or percentage of advisers in the market using HUB24 to today. So 10% to 29%. And that's a full year CAGR of about 22%. So as we speak today, 29% of advisers use HUB24. On the right-hand side, once again, the market share of the business has grown from 2% to over 3 times that in a full year period to 7.3% at June 2024. And we've had the number one for organic market share gains over the last 12 months as well. So a great foundation and a great scorecard in terms of our success, and we hope to continue to do moving ahead. Taking a deeper look at that, though, and looking forward from that baseline performance and success, we can definitely see a remarkably strong pipeline to continue that growth as well. And so on the left-hand side of this slide, you can see the recurring flows or revenue we get from existing clients in the bar chart, and the FUA we get from or flows we get from existing licensees with new advisers and from new licensee relationships. If you notice in FY 2024, that the dark blue section is at 17% compared to 9% last year. It does move around. That's largely from the EQT, transition with those EQT licensees being new in that period of time. It doesn't actually diminish the ongoing flows that we get from advisers, which typically come in over about six years from joining HUB24 onwards. On the right-hand side of the chart, the 15,583 licensed functional advisers in the country, as we said, we've got access or we have 29% of the market using HUB24. However, there's an additional 47%, or add that together, 76% of the total market that we've got access to the 47% of advisers. They're covered by a distribution agreement we have with their licensee, and we're yet to have them use the platform, but there's an opportunity to access more advisers as we grow. And in FY 2024, I think we had 400 to 500 new advisers during the year, and that's been pretty well in line with our growth, our average every year, despite the market shrinking a little bit over that time. Our FUA per adviser is up to AUD 19 million from AUD 8 million in FY 2020. So again, a large growth over a period of time, giving evidence that we're actually increasing our penetration or share of advisers book over time. The average buyer is having AUD 70 million in the industry, but us having 10% advisers using our platform, they're having more than AUD 50 million on HUB. So if our average is AUD 19 million and we have the potential to get to AUD 50 million, hopefully, you can see there's a very strong pipeline over time, and it does take some time to get that share, the market share growth we saw in the previous slide. If we execute well and we continue to deliver, there's no reason why we can't continue to have that market share growth moving forward. And we're certainly focused on delivering that for shareholders and delighting our customers in that way. Quickly going to touch briefly on myprosperity.  (00:11:51) covered in Q&A. But we did, during the year, launch an enterprise offer for large licensees or large national advice networks. Two of them signed up, there's several others in the pipeline about to do that. Those two represent 1,800 advisers in the market, for which we can now approach and promote myprosperity as a cyber-secure and great feature portal that will help them with their clients and help them with efficiency delivering advice. So we're very excited about that. We're also working on the myprosperity front-end or it becoming the client portal for Class. The pilot was demonstrated in February, and that's certainly underway as well. Similarly, I'll just quickly touch on Class and NowInfinity which is going really well from our perspective as well. The Class business growing at 1.5 times system market share, pretty stable, it is a mature business, but now more than 200,000 total Class accounts. And the NowInfinity business growing at 2 times system with corporate compliance tools, a great result there. Inside Class, as I said earlier, we've got some great enhancements that will make it easier for auditors and self-managed superfund administrators, and really change the feature set that the market has on hand, fulfilling that role for customers in terms of creating more efficiency and reducing friction on how you do those year-end activities. For an SMSF, you can do it along the way and for beyond the Class Super products as well. I talked about the myprosperity interface, as well as have some great customer service excellence there in Class and NowInfinity as well. As always, our people at HUB24 are fundamental at our culture to our success. We really have a great team of people who believe in what they're doing, who believe in our role and our purpose, and certainly how we operate. On the right-hand side we've refreshed our HUB values during the year, which we certainly talked about at the half. But that was about us bringing together our group of businesses, because we've had some acquisitions over time, and aligning them with a set of values that represent us as a group and our enterprise strategy as well. Our employee engagement went up during the year. It's now at 76% in the top quartile of Australian companies, and that's through culture act. We are in the top 10 best places to work for banking and financial services according to Financial Review survey. We've been endorsed as an employer of choice by WORK180 for women. And we're certainly focused on all of the normal initiatives with development, recruitment, talent, and so forth, but also expanding our graduate and intern programs, and increasing our focus on early career professionals to supplement our workforce and also give people opportunities to work in a great environment and make a difference in the industry in which we work. So, some great results here on our people side and thank you to the team, as always, for your continuing passion and commitment to our customers and our business. We also published this morning our sustainability report. And before I pass on to Kitrina, I just wanted to say we've made some great progress with our focus areas, the seven focus areas here on the slide in front of you here. Report out with full details, if you'd like to see that, it's on the ASX portal. It will be on our website as well. Notably, we're committed to the United Nations Global Compact for Sustainable Development Goals. We'll talk more about that as we go ahead. We've certainly got our emissions road map and targets for net zero by 2030. We are continuing to invest in data privacy and cyber initiatives to build a sustainable business, and absolutely working towards and continuing to contribute to our community in the broader sense in terms of having the right products on our platform for sustainable investing, but also contributing to worthy causes about wealth and financial advice, and then helping people empower a better financial future through philanthropy as well. So, thank you very much. I'll be back a bit later on to talk about our outlook and strategy briefly, but I'll hand over to Kitrina Shanahan, our CFO, to give us a breakdown of the financial performance commentary. Excellent. Thank you. So thank you, Andrew. I'll run through the financial results. So if we could just roll forward to the group snapshot slide. Here we have the Group, the Platform, and Tech Solutions for the revenue mix, underlying EBITDA, and customer numbers. As Andrew called out, Group revenue grew to AUD 327 million and underlying EBITDA of AUD 118 million. From the revenue composition, 77% of that is driven by the Platform and 22% comes from Tech Solutions. On the Platform side, we have just under AUD 253 million worth of revenue and underlying EBITDA of AUD 103 million. And again, as Andrew called out, we've got 4,525 active advisers using the Platform, which is up 13% year-on-year, and as Andrew mentioned, represents 29% of the total licensed financial advisers within Australia. Tech Solutions has had a good year with revenue of just under AUD 71 million and underlying EBITDA of AUD 22.1 million. The customer base has grown from 6,000 in full year 2023 to around about 6,500 in full year 2024. So a good result across all the businesses and all the segments for full year 2024. So if we can just move to the next slide, we've got the group financial results, with operating revenue up 17%, operating expenses up 18%, and underlying EBITDA up 15%. I'll talk a little bit more as we get into the segment slides as to the mix of the revenue and the expenses. From a Group perspective, the underlying EBITDA margin was down year-on-year 0.5%, down to 36.1%, largely driven by  (00:17:42) ADI, deposit spreads, and the  acquisition of (00:17:46) myprosperity as expected  (00:17:48-00:17:53) into the Platform segment this year. Underlying NPAT was up 15% to just under AUD 68 million, AUD 67.8 million, and statutory NPAT was up 24% to AUD 47.2 million. Full year dividends for the year were AUD 0.38, up 17%, in line with the growth metrics for revenue and underlying NPAT. And underlying diluted earnings per share was up 14% to just over AUD 0.81 per share this year. The graph on the right-hand chart side show the operating revenue and underlying EBITDA growth by the various segments. Platform revenue delivered AUD 44 million of the uplift and AUD 17 million – just under AUD 18 million, AUD 17.9 million of the growth in the underlying EBITDA, and Tech Solutions revenue up AUD 3.2 million year-on-year, and underlying EBITDA AUD 0.3 million year-on-year. Turning to the next slide, we have the Platform segment. So we have total FUA growth 30% year-on-year to just under AUD 105 billion, AUD 104.7 billion at the 30th of June, with very strong record net flows for the year of AUD 15.8 billion, up 62% year-on-year. Included in that is AUD 4.4 billion from large migrations and AUD 11.4 billion from the underlying business momentum. The Platform revenue was up 21%, operating expenses up 21%, and underlying EBITDA up 21%. So all the key growth metrics, 21% there. Underlying EBITDA margin was broadly stable year-on-year, just under 41%, 40.7% for full year 2024. I'll talk more about the drivers of the underlying EBITDA margin movements year-on-year as we get to those slides. On the right-hand side, you can see custody FUA included AUD 5.9 billion in the year for market – positive market movements and the AUD 15.8 billion from the net inflows and the PARS FUA was up AUD 2.7 billion year-on-year. Moving to the next slide, we have the Platform custody revenue and revenue margins. On the right-hand side, we've given you a graph of the momentum for the Platform FUA, the custody FUA, and the custody revenue. Five-year trends for this shows the FUA, the custody FUA growing from AUD 17.2 billion back in full year 2020 to the AUD 84.4 billion at 30th of June 2024, and the revenue has grown from AUD 74 million back in full year 2020 to the AUD 253 million in full year 2024. So this graph demonstrates the continued momentum and growth within the Platform business. The graph on the bottom right-hand side has the Platform revenue margin at 36 bps in full year 2023, coming down to 35 bps in first half 2024 and 34 bps in full year 2024.  (00:21:01) positive market, we've seen  (00:21:06) average balance is increasing, which has impacted the tiering and capping and had a 1.5 bps margin compression year-on-year. And then also within our Analyst and Investor pack, we've provided the average cash as a percentage of custody FUA half-on-half and year-on-year. Over the year, the average was 7.4% with the reduction largely in the second half, down to 7% over the second half, and that's what's driving that 1 bp on the right-hand side graph in cash and other. The number of accounts on the platform for full year 2024 was up 30% year-on-year, which is driven by the new advisers that you can see 13% up year-on-year and a higher penetration for the existing advisers on the Platform. Moving to the next half slide. We have the composition of the Platform FUA, the custody FUA and the custody revenue. So you can see the donuts on the right-hand side shows the institutional as a percentage of custody FUA has increased from 14% in full year 2023 to 16% in full year 2024. This has been driven by the large migrations that were actually tilted largely to the second half of the year. So you can actually see when you look at the revenue composition, the retail revenue has grown from 93% to 94% with solid and very strong retail flows throughout the whole of the year, which is why  the position (00:22:31) of those donuts might look a little unusual until you think about the timing of those flows. And then on the bottom right-hand side of that graph, you can actually see the custody revenue margin by retail and institutional with the tiering and the capping impacting both retail and institutional. If we move to the next slide, we have the Platform underlying EBITDA and the margins. Again, we've provided a five-year trend to show the momentum within the revenue and the expenses and the underlying EBITDA margin. So you can see that the revenue has grown from AUD 74 million back in full year 2020 to AUD 253 million in full year 2024, which is a CAGR over that period of close to 36%, and the underlying EBITDA has grown from AUD 28.7 million back in full year 2020 to AUD 103 million, just under AUD 103 million in full year 2024, which is a CAGR that's close to 38%. And the underlying EBITDA margin for the Platform business has trended up from circa about 38.5% to close to 41% in full year 2024. If we then – the graph on the bottom right hand side actually shows the growth and the operating leverage coming through the Platform business, which is the bar of 2.2%. And that's been offset by the change in the ADI and the alignment to where the industry deposit spreads are at which is the 1.1% drag on the underlying EBITDA margin. That change in the ADI provider happened for HUB24 back in December 2022, so it had a negative impact from the second half of 2023 onwards. And then the inclusion of the myprosperity AUD 1.5 million underlying EBITDA loss as we focused on growing that part of the business had an impact of 1.2% on the margin. So we're really pleased with the way the Platform margin's  projecting (00:24:32) and the 2.2% operating leverage and growth is what we're focused on and we'll continue to build on going forward. Okay. So moving to the next slide, we have the Tech Solutions result which includes Class and HUBconnect. Class has been delivering consistent growth in all metrics. So you can see the Class accounts are up 3% to just over AUD 207,000. Class document orders up 7% to AUD 191,000 and companies using Corporate Messenger is up 23% to just under AUD 800,000. There's AUD 792,922 companies using NowInfinity for corporate compliance. This has driven revenue to be up 5% to the 70.7% and underlying EBITDA margin has contracted 1% to 31.3%. The graph on the right-hand side actually calls out the AUD 1.9 million investment in technology, data infrastructure, HUBconnect capabilities to help advisers with compliance and industry productivity. So again, very pleased with the tech solutions, the growth in the Class business and the investment that will continue to drive growth going forward. Then if we can move to the next slide. Here we have the group expenses which are up 19% year-on-year. Investment in our people is the largest driver of this increase and you can see in the graph on the right-hand side,  (00:26:05) year-on-year. This is largely driven by the increase in our people and head count. So head count is 893 at the 30th of June, so just under 900. The hiring was tilted to the first half of 2024, so if you roll back to 30th of June, 2023, the head count was 838 and that grew to 883 at the 31st of December, so in the first half. And then we added a net 10 extra people in the second half. The second half from a head count perspective and from operating expenses is more indicative of what we're expecting to come in full year 2023. That obviously is subject to business conditions and some of the growth that we're seeing come through, but that's certainly where we're thinking at the moment. Then if we roll forward to the next slide. We have the walk from the underlying EBITDA to the underlying NPAT and the stat NPAT. So again, underlying EBITDA of about AUD 118 million up 15% year-on-year. We then recognized AUD 13.5 million of share-based payments, just under AUD 14 million for depreciation and amort. Interest expense, tax, and the underlying NPAT of AUD 67.8 million, up 15% year-on-year. And then we have the strategic transactions and project costs of AUD 9.5 million, which relates to the Xplore integration program. We've closed that program of works and the large migrations that we had during the year. When we roll forward to full year 2025, Xplore will just be part of the normal Platform business, and any expenses related to large migrations will be reflected in underlying EBITDA, so you won't see strategic transactions and project costs going forward. Acquisition amort of AUD 22.9 million, which includes a life to date catchup of circa AUD 7 million, which related to us aligning the acquired software through the Class and Xplore and myprosperity acquisitions to the useful life that we use for internally generated software as well. There's also a gain on the sale – Count acquired Diverger during the year and as part of that transaction HUB24 recognized a AUD 3 million gain on sale, that's been recognized in notable items. That takes after-tax – that takes us to AUD 47.2 million statutory NPAT, up 24% year-on-year. Then if we just move to the last slide for the financials. Just reiterating again the strong financial performance and the strong capital management, we had a final dividend of AUD 0.195, up 5% year-on-year, taking the full year 2024 total dividend to AUD 0.38 per share up 17%. You can see the graph on the right-hand side with the dividends and the underlying diluted EPS with a CAGR of 15% over the five years, four-year CAGR, 53%, and underlying EPS of 52% CAGR over the five years, four-year CAGR in there. Group operating cash flows were very strong with a cash balance of AUD 88 million and operating cash flows of AUD 109 million for the year with a CAGR of 43% over that four, five-year period for operating cash flows there. This time last year we announced a share buyback to broadly remove some of the dilution from the shares issued as part of the myprosperity acquisition. Over the last sort of nine months we've bought back 360,000 shares at a cost of AUD 12.5 million, and we've also purchased AUD 10 million of treasury shares or share buybacks that we put into a trust to service the employee share schemes. Okay. And with that, I will hand back to Andrew for the strategy and outlook. Thank you. Before we open up the line for Q&A, a brief update on our strategy, some of the market trends influencing our industry, our focus on delivery and our outlook moving forward. We will, of course, be hosting an Investor Strategy Day in November, so we'll brief the market on details of that coming up in terms of when that is, but the opportunity for us in HUB24 in this particular industry is remaining unchanged or in fact it's more favorable perhaps arguably then you could have said 12 months ago. I'll go straight to the bottom right side of this slide, look, we're not seeing compelling advances in institutional platform competition. There's still issues with strategy and ownership, delivery and investment, and so forth. And so specialist platforms are continuing to dominate net inflows as a result of our focus and innovation. And in fact, there's only two or three platforms in positive inflow or platform providers in the market. So the opportunity is there for us to continue to grow and continue to take advantage of the dynamics that are changing for the industry. The industry does continue to evolve. The demands are changing. There's even more important reasons for – to be responsive as a platform provider or a participant in this industry to respond to clients' needs. The demand for advice is increasing. There's 2.3 million Australians with unmet advice needs. And of course, HUB and Class, and NowInfinity work through professional intermediaries and accountants and advisers. It's our core marketplace. The cost of advice and the price of advice is continuing to increase. It speaks to, how can we make that more efficient and demand for those professionals are there. So the trend is also towards high net wealth clients as well. So we think about that in terms of how we build our products and our services and making sure we've got solutions for all phases in the client lifecycle. SMSFs in the client needs column, they're continuing. The startups are continuing to grow. There's demand from younger generations. That plays well with us having our Class business and the integrated products we're launching. The aging population needs retirement products, also speaks to the nearly AUD 5 trillion intergenerational wealth transfer that's looking for solutions, and we as a business, think about that in terms of how we can help customers and advisers take their clients on that journey with the intergenerational wealth transfer and have the right solutions to do that. And certainly, cybersecurity is also top of mind in terms of how we provide information interface to clients so we can protect them and their data and their assets, absolutely a focus and a demand in the industry. Financial professionals need productivity. Our industry has not been great at providing advisers and clients with a complete view of wealth, something we certainly aspire to is key to our strategy. It's been very product-centric over the last few decades and certainly shifting towards heading in a complete view of wealth of the clients. It makes the advice process more efficient, increases engagement. There is the adoption of managed portfolio solutions. We lead in that in the marketplace. That is a trend that's continuing. And compliance and cost and complexity is still there and we certainly are investing in that space to mitigate that and help with that. The regulatory landscape continues to evolve. The quality of advice review tranche 2 has not been legislated. It does have the potential to improve advice accessibility, and we're certainly watching with that and influencing that across the industry and working with government and regulators to have a voice in that space. As I said, the summary of it is that the dynamics are changing, specialist platforms are very, very well-positioned to continue to grow because we are being responsive and we are responding to those demands and drivers with our product development and our strategy and our customer service. So in terms of our strategy, how are we at HUB24 responding to those industry demands? Well, our four pillars of our strategy and our focus, we've talked about this before, is that leading today in our chosen markets and continuing to deliver customer value and growth. Creating tomorrow, not settling for today's solutions, but continuing to transform and shift and create integrated wealth tech and platform solutions that will speak to those demands for clients. It's certainly about not doing it alone, it's about, as we said earlier, empowering better financial futures together, how can we work and collaborate across our industry with government, with regulators, with financial product manufacturers, asset managers, insurers and technology providers to reshape and build the best outcomes for our clients in this industry. So we are certainly working together with our industry to do that. Talking about being future ready, being able to have the scalability in our business to continue to grow, being ready to have the capabilities and infrastructure to support and think about the future ahead, so how do we do that? At HUB24, we want to be the best provider of integrated platform, tech and data solutions. In the middle of the slide, you can see four quadrants there. We have the HUB24 platform, which is a leader. We have data and infrastructure leadership in terms of HUBconnect products and the infrastructure that supports that with the permissioning and sharing of data and the data feeds we have in the platform and some of the data feeds we have in our Class business as well. Myprosperity is about a great client experience sitting on the front end of our business over time and also being a portal that aggregates services and data from across the industry, not just from within our own stable. And NowInfinity and Class being software applications that certainly drive to wealth and wealth accounting. So we're well positioned to have the right market-leading businesses to deliver on those pillars on the left-hand side. And what we're aiming to deliver on the right-hand side of the slide for our customers is one way of doing business across market-leading solutions getting that single view of wealth really working well for clients and professionals, so they can see where they stand in an easy, efficient way. Efficient access to ecosystem partners, whether that be third-party product manufacturers or technology providers, to be able to create an ecosystem or a tech spine, if you like, that brings about efficiency, lowers the cost of advice and increases access, flexibility and reporting and insights. So a snapshot of our strategy and how we're working towards that, specifically if we look at some of the strategic objectives we're working on, and I'll just touch on a few of those that we haven't talked about already in the presentation. But in terms of leading today, we're certainly adding additional investment options for individual client targets and enhanced our FX capability, building products and features for the future. And there's more on the slide that feel free to read subsequently. In creating tomorrow, we're actually working very hard to get more data sources and have them trusted so we actually can work on how do you create that ecosystem and that single view of wealth. We've expanded HUBconnect with insights and we continue to expand it and benchmarking for advisers and practices beyond its original purpose of HUBconnect licensee being a compliance and efficiency tool for licensees or advice networks, getting into practices and advisers. We've got a digital mail house using AI that's actually creating better outcomes for customers with their contract notes and so forth, being able to automatically parse and sort information and create a better proposition there. We're working with industry to build together with industry bodies and regulators and collaborating with think tanks, as we have done for many years. That's evolved in us having an enterprise version of myprosperity roll out across large networks, who really are saying, here is a solution for recordkeeping, here is a solution for client engagement, and here is a solution to securely storing client information  and trying (00:37:39) to protect from fraud and hacking and bad actors intercepting communication between advisers and clients. And on the right-hand side, we're certainly continuing to focus on making sure, as we always have, we have the scale for our business to continue to grow, but we're also delivering the profitability for shareholders along the way and continuing to focus clearly on risk management, cyber resilience, and privacy. It's core to what we've done to date. It's core to what we'll continue to do. So our business is sustainable in terms of thinking ahead, but also thinking about how we operate today. Touching on, before we move to Q&A, our last slide here, and really quickly, they're similar statements. We do have a strong business. We intend to grow it with reliable growth from both new and existing client relationships. We're certainly going to leverage the industry dynamics to maximize opportunities for growth. We're being very disciplined in how we manage the business in terms of expense management and emergence of profit whilst we still invest in extending our market leadership. And we intend to capitalize on our unique group capabilities, as I said on a couple of slides ago, to unlock value for customers and shareholders, to reinvent the way an ecosystem of wealth management can work, provide more information, and get the outcomes that clients are seeking. In terms of outlook, we traditionally have an outlook statement for our custodial or platform FUA target, which excludes our non-custodial PARS FUA. And the statement we've got there moving ahead for FY 2026 is a target range of AUD 115 billion to AUD 123 billion. That's up from the AUD 84.4 billion at 30th of June this year. So for FY 2026, in two years' time or just under two years' time, that's the target range we're publishing today. It obviously comprises, as we normally say, net flows of, in our estimates, greater than AUD 11 billion per annum, excluding large migrations. You'd be aware, we still have some migrations to do for EQT, and that's well been talked about before, and a range of market growth assumptions in terms of average rates of return in the market. So we built the range to give you some guidance on how we think we're going to track in that time period. And we're delighted to be talking about those sort of numbers given our history not so long ago and having tripled our market share over the last three or four years. We hope to continue to grow remarkably, and we hope to continue to deliver for shareholders and our customers. So, thank you very much for tuning in. We will now hand back to our facilitator for Q&A. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Cameron Halkett from Wilsons Advisory. Please go ahead. Hi, Andrew. Hi, Kit. Just two quick questions to begin. If I start with the outlook, last year was an incredible year as you'd highlighted, whereas the kind of next couple years outlook calls for net flows above that AUD 11 billion level. It seems you're no longer entertaining a level of AUD 10 billion to AUD 12 billion. So, just wondering what's giving you the confidence that the margin need a sort of upgrade, Andrew. Look, we certainly had a very strong start to the year, and it's always difficult to provide guidance. We don't want to be providing guidance and restating it. We aim to give a range, and it is a range deliberately. And our goal is to head towards the top of that range, or in some cases, even overshoot it. So, we've had a very strong start to the year. We're not seeing any resurgent from traditional platform players or participants in the marketplace. And so, we decided to say greater than AUD 11 billion. We didn't want to cap it. We certainly know that we've got AUD 2 billion to AUD 2.5 billion on our plan still as we previously disclosed for EQT. So, the AUD 11 billion plus that gets us into the range. I think that the adviser sentiment is there. We're winning the awards, the accolades from a service point of view and a product point of view. And so, the beauty in our business is you continue to win flows from existing clients, continue to win new clients. We still had 500 new advisers last year. We still signed 141 distribution agreements. I think all those things add up to us being very confident in the growth prospects and leading to those – that statement. Yeah, makes sense. And, Kit, just turning back to your comments around hiring, you mentioned in the second half, there was about 10 new heads joining the business. The audio was a little bit mixed at the time, but  can I just ask you to (00:42:22) reiterate the expectations here for hiring looking ahead? Thank you. Yeah.  (00:42:28) Cameron, is that the first half 2024 was really where we did quite the bulk of the hiring and then it slowed in the second half of 2024. And that, the second half is more indicative of what we're expecting each half over 2025. Okay. Now, that's a bit lower than I suppose your usual run rate of net adds. So, what's changed, I suppose? Are you just at a level there in terms of head count where it's much more stable relative to your size or just some color there, please? Yeah. I think there's a number of factors to call out. We have – so absolutely, the scale and the operating leverage that has been talked about for a long time, and we always knew would come through. But in addition to that, we have been investing in robotics, automation, across – particularly across our operations and the processing space, but also the technology scalability as well. So, in addition to the scale coming from the net flows and the growth of the FUA, we've also got automation that's supporting the operating leverage come through as well. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nicholas McGarrigle from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Good day. Thank you. Just a question around the run rate impact of lower proportions of cash and the mix of institutional FUA on the revenue margin as we head into the first half 2025. Yeah. So the cash is obviously subject to customer preferences. The whole of the second half 2024 saw the – you would have seen we provided the average in the analyst and investor pack and that was around 7% for the whole of second half 2024. We have seen a slight uptick in that over the last six weeks, but that's not to say that that would hold for the whole year. But it's certainly not at the 8% to 10% that we've historically spoken about. So it's still at that lower end of the range that we've spoken about before. Okay. Maybe just two more questions. So the OpEx, you kind of guided to not a whole lot of head count additions. Does that mean potentially, overall group OpEx is only up in the kind of low- to mid-teens percentage year-on-year? I think where we are today, I think that's a reasonable assumption. As Andrew has called out and as you guys have noted, we've had a really strong start to the year. That may well – we'll see how the rest of the year goes, and we'll see if that changes plans, but certainly where we are today, I think that's a reasonable assumption. Great. And then, I think obviously the AUD 2.7 billion of FUA added in the first 6.5 weeks, is it fair to say the market was a small positive only. So, maybe there's a circa AUD 2 billion FUA embedded in that number? Yeah. That would be pretty close. There is market movement and other companies said they didn't have, we certainly had correlation largely to the market or just under market correlation. So that's thereabout, Nick. Got it. Thanks. Thank you. Your next question comes from Olivier Coulon from E&P Financial Group. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just on that flow number, so around AUD 2 billion ex-market movement. Is there anything from EQT transition embedded in that? No, Olivier. There's not EQT money in there. There is a client that moved about AUD 300 million rapidly in that, but that happens from time-to-time. Yeah. It's an educational institution that was able to move money quickly with the custodial,  but it's a retail rate (00:46:24) card. So those things happen, but there is one small lumpy client in there as well. Yeah. Okay. No, I appreciate that. Thanks for the color. And just the thinking on the tax rate going forward, one for Kitrina. Yeah. So the tax rate, we're benefiting from two things at the moment. One is we've got R&D, so we're always innovating and we've got myprosperity, Class and HUB24 that are all innovating on the solution. So there's a benefit in there for R&D. We've also got – you've seen the long-term incentive plans and the employee share schemes that we've got in place. Over the last, I think it's circa three years, we've been rather than issuing shares on market, we've been purchasing shares. In the last financial slide, you would have seen that we purchased AUD 10 million worth of shares put in trust to service the employee share schemes. As we utilize those shares in the employee share trust, we get a tax deduction for those. So there are two things that's driving it down to the 20% at the moment. R&D is expected to continue as we continue to innovate. The treasury shares and the benefit that we'll get on that, once we're 100% hedged in there, that's more likely to normalize so you can expect the tax rate to move up from the 20%. And without a crystal ball, it could go somewhere in the mid-20s, I would say. Okay. No, that's – appreciate it. And so just on – a follow-up on that OpEx growth expectation. Was that commentary around platforms or, I guess, as a business as a whole, including the Tech Solutions business? That's more of a business as a whole. So you can see even this year, the platform operating leverage is absolutely coming through. You can see that on the waterfalls that we've provided. But got the sort of information we're providing to you guys is more at group level. Yeah. Okay. And then I presume that also captures kind of the interplay of not taking any further kind of transition one-off charges below the line? Yes. As we called out, you won't see notable items in the large migrations going forward. Yeah. Okay. But effectively, the OpEx growth is potentially going to be somewhere some of those employees who might have been doing that work are effectively recaptured into the underlying cost base. Absolutely. So there's the number of contractors we called out before, there was a number of contractors helping us with the large migrations and some of the explorer integration. But absolutely, where we've got skilled employees, we've moved those above the line, and they're again, called out in the numbers that we've been talking about. Okay. Perfect. And sorry, just one last, if I could. Just on Class, the price increases that you took, the thinking on the flow through of that into 2025? Sorry, can you repeat that. The Class price increases keep flow through, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So the customer reprice that went through this year, there wasn't one in 2024, but there is a customer reprice similar to other software business is keeping up with CPI and inflation, et cetera. And you'll see that come in the 2025 revenue numbers. Okay. Perfect. Thanks. Appreciate it. Thank you. Your next question comes from Bob Chen from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning, guys. Just a couple for me. Just in terms of investment in intangibles, it's obviously stepped up a little bit. Can you give us a sense of how we should be thinking about that number going forward? Yes. So I think you would have seen the platform was circa AUD 13 million, AUD 13.5 million, something like that, and the Tech Solutions was just under the AUD 8 million. Certainly, from a platform perspective, I would say that, that's more of a normal run rate now. It was for the last couple of years, between the 2022-2023, it was a bit lower, down at the AUD 8 million – AUD 8 million, AUD 9 million mark, and that's because we did have quite a large integration with Xplore and a large number of our tech team were also supporting that integration. Now that we're coming to end of that, that tech teams again refocusing back on to the platform or the whole team, I should say, as we're focusing back on to the platform as it were. Then on the Class and the Tech Solutions side, we've called out before that we are looking at extra ways to scale that business and make it more efficient. You may well see that trend down over time but it's certainly not going to be a massive step change. It will be trending down over time. Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just on the average cash balances  (00:51:26) 7% in the second half. I mean, is that a good base to forecast into the next few periods? Look, it really does depend on macro cycles. It's not actually something we control or can forecast. It depends on how people are thinking about equity markets versus cash markets. And so right now, you've got markets at historical highs. People have put them early into the market if that changes, the cash rate arguably would go up and then interest rate cycles. So not something we can comment on. It has gone up in the last few months, but that might be as a result of the large flows we get. So it depends on behavior, it depends on how assets join the platform. It's very difficult to forecast. Okay. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Your next question comes from Siraj Ahmed from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Hi, Andrew. Hi, Kitrina. Just three questions. First one, on that flow, the strong start, Andrew, of AUD 2 billion or AUD 1.7 billion, whatever the large transition number is. Just what's changed here, Andrew? It seems like you  (00:52:37) speaking to pretty strong flows. Is it from one platform provider or is it just broad-based? Just keen to understand. And do you think it continues for the rest of the year? It's broad-based.  And natural (00:52:49) fact, our last quarter, the results we reported for last quarter were impacted by the exit of a large client – or not large client, but exit of a few hundred million dollars where we terminated a relationship, we actually felt  we wanted someone to leave us (00:53:05). So, our last quarter flows were actually down, if you like, because of that. So if you normalize that back in, it's consistent with quarter four in terms of – so if I sit back and go for the last four or five months, there's been more stability in the market. There's been better consumer sentiment. Advisers are getting on with it. The  (00:53:26) fee consent seems to have changed a bit in terms of slowing down in June. So as we always say, look, it's – the long-term trend is your friend, and we don't really get excited about. Is it sustainable? There's a whole lot of macro stuff going around the world. But the accolades and the sentiment I get when I talk to advisers and licensees are about our value proposition. It's about competitors not quite getting it right. It's about our attitude and our customer service and our footprint is increasing. And so I think it's just the result of us executing well on strategy, and we need to keep doing that, and we need to keep delivering customer service excellence. It's out to grow or out to lose. I hope it is a trend, but hard to say, Siraj, given the macro stuff. Got it. So yeah, just – because I was trying to clarify if you're doing this sort of flows, I mean, you could get to AUD 15 billion, AUD 16 billion, right, for the full year, if this continues. So that level...   (00:54:23) You could straight line that – sorry. You can... Yeah. So just the AUD 11 billion is just uncertainty, but current trends are quite positive. That's the way to think through it? The AUD 11 billion is there. We know that we've got transition. So  (00:54:36), that will be AUD 13.5 billion to AUD 14 billion. But you're right, it could be  higher (00:54:40) if you do straight mathematics. But we know that November, December, January, February can be muted. So we don't know what's going to happen. And we'd rather be giving a sensible range at aiming for the mid- to the top of that in terms of the two-year statement. So, yeah, don't read a lack of confidence in our business in that AUD 11 million. Know that we're always as aspirational as we can be. We're always trying to do as well as we can. It's just about balancing, getting distracted by guidance versus delivery. Yeah, that makes sense. Second thing, Andrew, look, it seems like there's a shift towards driving operating leverage, right? Is it – what has changed here? Is it – I mean, just trying to – I guess the question that'll come is, is it the one-year thing, where your head count's – you're only adding 20 people, let's say, and then it rebounds again? Just keen to hear, if something has changed the  (00:55:31). Yeah, thanks. Couple of things. And then if Kit wants to add, jump on in. Look, we certainly are a larger business. We certainly did have expenses further ahead than we would have liked in the first half, because of changes in the labor market. And normally, we carry vacancy rates, and we didn't carry those vacancy rates in the first half. So you saw a step-up, and that's impacted the full year results. If you look at normalizing our margins, there's growth there if you take out the cash impact, the myprosperity impact, and possibly even  if we not have (00:56:03) the vacancy rate issue. So we're also very much investing in automation using AI and robotics, and process automation to make customer service better and also lower costs. So the scalability in our ops team is changing remarkably. We're not putting on the normal amount of heads we would for our growth, because we've invested in that automation. And so there is a deliberate focus on that in terms of operations. And we've got a larger fixed cost base that we can leverage across a bigger business, and that's the nature of building a business. You build that fixed cost base, and hopefully, you manage your variable costs moving ahead. So it's about us trying to get productivity out of the cost base, as well as some of those blips with the vacancy rate. But we always try and balance the accelerator and the brake, the investment and change in the business. We try to not have step change in expenses, we try to have an incremental. It could change, Siraj, if we shoot the lights out with still growth. It could change if we decide to invest in or dial up speed of strategy execution, but we'd let you know in advance of that. But we certainly are focused on getting the leverage out for shareholders, and the market's been asking us to do that. The fact is we're balancing it with delivery as well. Pretty clear. And just last one, maybe for Kit. In terms of revenue margin, Kit, looking ahead, can I just confirm that it seems like the custodial  (00:57:28) gone up in the second half. So, does that actually help admin fees into FY 2025? I know cash is a negative, but just wondering why the spot custodial fee  (00:57:39) has gone up.   (00:57:43) higher. Yeah, thanks. Yes. I mean, that's the mix of the portfolio that's impacting the percentage of  (00:57:51). The positive market obviously does drive higher average balances and tiering and capping. And as you – we mentioned and talked about on the call, the percentage of capital also has an impact on that revenue margin. If in 2025, you do end up with more normal market growth and the cash as a percentage of FUA stabilizes and just for argument sake, let's say it stabilizes somewhere between 7% and 8% or somewhere between 7% and 8.5%, it could be anywhere around that range, then you would expect maybe up to 1 bp of revenue margin compression coming out of that, just as average balances, et cetera, go up and tiering and capping is in there. But it does all depend on that mix of the portfolio. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nic Burgess from Ord Minnett. Please go ahead. Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. I think most of my questions have been answered. Just a couple of quick questions on myprosperity. So, you mentioned, Andrew, a couple of times that revenue momentum is perhaps a little bit less than what you initially anticipated. These network sales or the network sale likely to get myprosperity back on track on the short-term from a revenue perspective? And do you think myprosperity overall will hit that sort of breakeven mark that you initially flagged when you made the deal? I'll start, and Kit, you might finish. Certainly, the revenue was slower than we'd anticipated, and we qualify that. We published the earn-out, the revenue, and we  (00:59:32) earn-out for the shareholders, the vendors of the business, which was very aspirational. The licensee piece is actually gaining traction. We had  (00:59:41) the other day, we had people signing up. So, we certainly think that will speed up adoption of myprosperity licensing. And yes, it's happening as we speak. So, the 1,800 is access to, not sales to, but the sales too are increasing every day, and we're certainly mobilizing to support with onboarding. And those licensees actually help with the onboarding. And in some cases, there's one licensee who anecdotally has said, I'm going to mandate this, not all the mandate, but I'm going to mandate for cybersecurity. So yes, it should accelerate that. Whether it actually catches up. Kit, I haven't done the maths on that in terms of breakeven points or where it replaces or speeds up. But have you got a comment on that? Yes. Yeah. So, I think when we  (01:00:26) transaction, I think like Andrew said, we're probably anywhere between 12 and 24 months later than we were expecting when we first did the deal and did the announcement. But like Andrew said, when we put those revenue targets out there, we were very aspirational and driving the growth. And I would say that we're probably anywhere between 12 and 24 months behind those original targets that we set for being breakeven. So, rather than it being 2025, 2026, it's more likely to be 2026, 2027 before we are breakeven. Yeah. And just going back to sort of EBITDA margin, operating leverage implications, there should be still incremental improvement over that time period or do you envisage more of a single sort of step up at a point in time? So at the Group level, so when we roll in myprosperity into the Platform and then you look at the Platform, we're still expecting operating leverage and growth within the Platform, subject to normal business conditions, and then that will roll through to the Group as well. So, absolutely, taking into account that 12, 24 months later for myprosperity, still expecting to see the operating leverage come through. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Simon Fitzgerald from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Just a couple of questions to you. Look, I might start with the amortization of intangibles. The AUD 21.4 million that was capitalized, I appreciate that you're allowed to do that, given the accounting standard suits, but HUB certainly has grown a lot over the years, AUD 100 million worth of gross operating cash flow. I was just interested to know whether you've had any sort of thought about whether you might change that over time in terms of expensing those internally generated intangibles. We're not expecting, I wouldn't be expecting to see something come through in full year 2025. Certainly, you never know what the future holds, but there's certainly no plans at the moment to change that approach. And like I said, 2025 is expected to be reasonably consistent compared to 2024. Okay. And what about the amortization for next year, if you could help us with that just for the internally generated intangibles. So the depreciation and amort should be reasonably similar year-on-year. And I think when you look – when you walk forward to that slide that I was talking about, you've got depreciation and amort of roughly about AUD 14 million, excluding the acquisition amortization. So, I would say that if you're looking around that number, maybe another million or so addition, but it's going to be around that number. Perfect. And then just a final question, on the latent opportunity, the FUA per adviser for FY 2024 AUD 19 million, up well, is that just simply the amount of advisers that are on platform and the effect of your FUA as well? Because like if you win an institutional mandate that could look a little bit lower. And there might not be any sort of advisers attached to some of those institutional mandates. I'm just interested to know how you sort of think about that. It's a straight calculation. Institutional mandates are not large enough at all to really change that number at that level, given there's 4,500 advisers. But it's a straight calculation of fully divided by a number of advisers, and it has been publishing it. Yes. Perfect. And just then finally, how do you sort of see to try and really take advantage of that latent opportunity, Andrew? Look, as we always do, we look at how we market and go to market with products and services across different segments and channels. We've got our key accounts team working at a national level. The effect, to be honest, back to, I think, someone else's question, myprosperity in itself is – and Siraj's question about the confidence in flows, the strategy with myprosperity class and NowInfinity is actually driving flows into platform from an adjacency perspective, because people see what we are doing, and I can see that the ecosystem will build out but the integration is there. So, we focus on it from a marketing perspective and activations between  (01:04:45) academies. We do targeted marketing to advisers. We help with transition support. It's the same stuff we've done since inception. And we have the BDMs around the country working through it, and we've got a strategic sales team as well as the key accounts team work in a national level. And I think that the nature of these businesses are that when you are the primary or chosen platform for advisers, unless you have operational issues or errors or you go off the boil, it will just continue to happen. So as I said earlier, for us to lose as opposed to we'll keep that momentum as we keep delivering, and the resurgence of competitors isn't occurring. Very helpful. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Hayden Nicholson from Bell Potter. Please go ahead. Hi. Thanks, guys, for taking the questions. Most have been asked. I guess, just building on the last question about the opportunity for flows, looking at the proportion you got there by the adviser relationships, and I think you called it out, Kit, what does it look like if we normalize for EQT, like in terms of the percentages coming from the new licensees and your adviser relationships? Is there still growth or is that just sort of a movement to EQT integration?   (01:06:07) the question, Kit. Yes. So I think, going back to the latent opportunity slide, and I think Andrew called out that, coming from the new licensees, it was impacted by the addition of EQT coming in. Look, it's difficult for us to tell and forecast out, but there is no reason, once you roll forward, there's no reason why it won't go back to more of the normal trends that you see in  (01:06:35). In fact, we haven't done the math. If you normalize that EQT, I mentioned that those trends exist. It's just that we had the 15.8%. So the trends exist underlying if you normalize that EQT, there's no reason to  (01:06:44) that wouldn't continue.   (01:06:46). Sure. And then just secondly, you touched on focus on high net worth and some of those directly held assets. Can you just unpack the demand that you're seeing there and the investments that were made throughout the year? Look, the demand is,  (01:07:03) in some cases are migrating up the curve to having high net wealth clients for a number of reasons, fees, costs, affordability, but also wholesale compliance regimes versus retail compliance regimes. We've always got a lot of high net wealth product there, Evans and Westpac private who are two marquee clients of ours are in that space. We've got bond on the platform. We've got foreign currency. We certainly do unregistered managed schemes and international unregistered managed schemes and so forth in that capability. So, we're continuing to enhance that. The foreign exchange capability on the HUB24 platform will be even greater in the next couple of months in terms of the ability to settle into foreign currency, whereas currently there's some hiccups there when you're buying and selling international assets. So we're enhancing those features. It's about the how in the process and the settlement and payments, as well as the accessibility of products, and we're certainly working with other providers on providing access to alternatives as part of strategic asset allocation, and how do you get access to those illiquid investments in our context, and working through just the investments on the platform and so forth. So for a range of investment options to new asset classes through to the processes, there's a lot going on there. In terms of the admin piece, with having a non-custody admin and reporting capability hitched to the platform. So custodial assets from the platform, structured call products all sorts of stuff, they are bonds, pretty much whatever you want to have, we'll do the administration, the reporting on  (01:08:48). But we're in pilot mode only. I'm going to be clear on that. We're in pilot mode. We've got more development to do. Is there demand? Well, there's certainly demand that people want to know that you've got that feature set, they might not use it today, but down the track they will. So advisers and customers are looking for, are you building for the future, that's where the demand is, so the take up is earth-shattering in the short term. I think that's the trend that we're heading towards given what's happening in markets and private markets versus public markets. Sure. Thanks guys all over there. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from James Bisinella from Unified Capital Partners. Please go ahead. Hi, Andrew. Hi, Kitrina. Congrats on the result. Just a couple from me. Firstly, I mean, just around the strong growth coming through in organic flows in the quarter to-date period, you obviously got the rest of EQT coming as half as well. So I guess, just keen to understand the environment or the pipeline for potentially further large transitions in the pipeline looking forward. Thank you. As always, we're actively in conversations, and there are things we try to say that typically you'll see and come through every couple of years. There are some active conversations underway. They're not at the size of EQT which could amount to AUD 5 billion and higher, but there are conversations underway. And so it's quite possible we're not secure others or other. But it's never known until the ink stride, and these things require in some cases regulatory approval and consumer approval. So it's not gone quiet. Let's just put it that way, James. Certainly. Thanks, Andrew. Just last one from me, just on the significant cash balance. I guess, strategically, how are you thinking about potentially deploying that, and are there any key focus areas for the business on that front moving forward? Thanks. Yes. It's a very good question. As you would have seen, we're relatively regulatory capital light. We do have AFSL, so obviously have regulatory capital and also the superannuation fund, and we don't have a loan at the moment for the support of the operational risk financial reserve, the  (01:11:06) within the super fund, but that's not to say if we continue to grow that that wouldn't be required. So just calling out a couple of things there just from what might be needed from a regulatory capital perspective. But absolutely, every single year, because we are relatively capital light, the operating cash flows continue to grow. We do look at investments, so we will continue to invest. We've got the create tomorrow and the building for tomorrow strategies that we've got there. But we've also got an underlying NPAT dividend payout ratio range of 40% to 60%. And as HUB24 continues to grow and we move into a yield stock, absolutely, those cash flows will – it's potentially likely that the payout ratios will increase. Fantastic. Thanks for taking my questions. Thank you. That does conclude our time for questions. I now hand back to Mr. Alcock for closing remarks. Thank you everyone for taking the time to join us today and for some excellent questions. We are very, very excited about our growth prospects moving ahead, and certainly focused on continuing to work on those. So hopefully you agree, it's been a remarkable year in many senses with balancing of strategy, customer service awards and record-breaking flows, that are records for us and arguably for the industry as well. We're certainly going to continue to work hard for our customers and shareholders moving ahead. Look forward to seeing you out on the rounds, if you've got a meeting booked with us, and certainly stay tuned for us providing details of our Investor Strategy Day in November. We'll be letting you know when that date is once we've locked that in. Thanks very much. Goodbye. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            