
            Management Discussion: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the HUB24 first half 2025 results call. We certainly are working very hard in this business with our industry, our clients, customers and business partners to empower better financial futures together for Australians. And now more than ever, that is a growing need in this country. Today, I'll be giving an overview of highlights and operating review of the business, followed by Kitrina Shanahan, our CFO, coming through some of our financial results, and I'll come back after that to talk about strategy and outlook before, of course, we will take some questions from those on the line. So, we'll jump straight in, but we're very pleased to tell you that on Valentine's Day last week, we had the pleasure of being the best platform for the third year running by Investment Trends as part of their 2024 Platform Competitive Analysis and Benchmarking Report. So we're delighted to be able to tell you that today that we're the best platform, again, we were, of course, last year. And we also picked up the number one for managed accounts capability, which we've won eight out of the last nine years, which is one of the strongest growing part of the wealth industry in terms of investment solutions for customers. In that survey, we picked up a number of other awards, which I'll run through very quickly, Best in Product Offering, which is great to have, of course, in terms of that product offering meeting the needs of different groups of Australian investors; Best in Decision Support Tools, Best in Online Business Management. And interestingly, Most Improved, which I thought was quite cute having been awarded first place last year, which we're very grateful and humble for to be told we improved the most, arguably means that we've extended our lead against our competitors, which we're very pleased to do in conjunction with our customers and advisers because we're very serious about making a difference in our industry and investing in the future for all participants. Along with that, on the left-hand side of this page, a couple of other things to mention. We also won an award from Sustainability hub for having the most impactful new enhancement, which we'll update to our adviser fee consent process, which I might talk about a little bit more later on, but certainly key for adviser that's been a pain point with regulatory change in the industry, how do we make that easier for advisers and their customers. For FY 2025 for the first half – well, sorry, at the latest data, we are number one for annual platform and retail superannuation flows, and we've been in that position for some time now. But also the first for net flows where investors or customers choosing to switch or move to superannuation fund on the advice of their adviser, another one in the industry for picking up the largest amount of net inflows for those who are choosing a different solution with the help of their adviser. So, very pleased to be talking about that today as well. Onto some highlights and the operating review,  (00:02:46) straight through to the financial highlights slide. Pleased, of course, to be able to determine a dividend of AUD 0.24 fully franked for the half. And on the right-hand side of the page, you can see some of the stats there as well with that dividend being up 30% on the same time last year. Our underlying EPS is up AUD 0.51 per –  share, up to AUD 0.51 per share, 41%. That's a diluted number. For prior period, NPAT up as well, 40%; and stat NPAT up 54%. So great numbers there. Breaking them down, though, on the left-hand side of the pack, our revenue for the total group has been up 25% to approaching AUD 200 million – AUD 195 million. Our Platform up 29%; and Tech Solutions also up 9%, so we're very pleased about. And the EBITDA numbers there as well, great healthy percentages for the first half with 41% increase at a group level, up to $77.6 million underlying EBITDA. Our platform FUA, as you know, was very strong in the first two quarters and the first half of FY 2025. And we finished the half at AUD 98.9 billion of custodial or Platform FUA, which is up 36% on the pcp. As at 13th of February, last Thursday, it was up AUD 102.6 billion, representing ongoing strong inflows in January and February to date plus some market movement as well with total FUA including our non-custody or PARS business at just under $121 billion at December 31. Some other highlights on the half from a business perspective. We've obviously done very well. We're getting record flows for ourselves the first half of AUD 9.5 billion and that includes some large migrations but a great result for the first half. We don't think it's a testament to underlying market conditions, which are very favorable for our industry and very favorable for investors and advisers looking after that are looking after customers' financial futures. We've also had an increased growth in advisers, which we'll talk about a bit later, with 361 net additions in the first half choosing to start to use HUB24. Another large migration we announced during the period with the success of fund transfer of the ClearView WealthFoundations. That's on track to complete in the next few weeks. So, we're looking forward to that as well. And advocacy is building with myprosperity, signing up extra agreements with large national groups with myprosperity as well. NowInfinity and Class posting positive growth. We'll talk about that later on in the pack. On the innovation sense, we announced during the half, the alliance we have with Reach Alternative Investments and hoping to access more alternative investments on the platform. Our award-winning reporting capability, which we call Present is now being evolved to being called Engage and it's in pilot at the moment, very exciting results for that from advisers. We continue to enhance the platform, evidenced by those Investment Trends awards. And a lot of work in class with significant product enhancements during the half or what we call compliance for the future or including registry fees that's share registry fees, property title searches and document integrations that allow auditors of SMSFs and administrators to size and see all source documents that make it easier and faster to the job of looking after the accounting for self-managed super funds. And of course, this week, the Self-managed Super Fund Association conference is in Melbourne, which we're presenting and talking more about those enhancements during the week. We've also been investing in the future with automation for quality and service, building out our infrastructure and our people and their capability to ensure we're growing and able to support the future growth that we strongly believe in. And of course, doing some – a lot of work in the AI space and automation to solve challenges for our industry. A bit more about that later. We'll take a look back at our growth over time. And we put this slide in each pack just to show the reliable and consistently delivering growth and shareholder value. And that is the way we think about how we run and drive the business and how we approach investment and margin expansion and expense management in the business with corresponding revenue growth. Key value driver for the business being funds under administration with a four-year CAGR of 53% and group revenue with a 42% CAGR over the last four years and underlying EBITDA at 47% and then 47% CAGR is above the Platform CAGR, which is about 40% for the same period, indicating that we're getting results coming through from our Tech Solutions business, giving us diversified revenue and ongoing earnings growth for shareholders. In addition to some of the awards from Investment Trends I mentioned earlier, the next slide is not unfamiliar to those of you who follow HUB24. There are some other accolades there from the Investment Trends Adviser Technology Needs Report, which is a different report, which is about number one for satisfaction, which means customers are choosing HUB24 and are advocates for us with our great Net Promoter Score and all the tools there, also having and still maintaining Best Overall Advice Platform for Adviser Ratings in 2024 and Wealth Insights as well, which is a sentiment award as well. So, great accolades there. It's good to be recognized that we're doing what we believe in very much, and that is about making sure we put our customers in the center of our business and build solutions that are sustainable for the future and meet their changing demographics and continue to lead in the marketplace. We're very, very pleased to play that role. If we look at how that translates into market share over the last period – over the last 12 months, we can see that HUB24 has gone from 6.6% market share to 7.9% market share. That's the largest market share gain in our industry as researched by Plan for Life. We currently ranked at number seven in FUA at 7.9% in the top 10 platforms there. Also, pleasingly, the industry has grown over the last 12 months. So, the industry as measured by Plan for Life with 17% FUA growth, reflecting our market growth and inflows into the business. And so, whilst that's the current Platform industry, our addressable market, of course, is far broadened that with the net casting further out from what is currently on Platform as evidenced by some of our growth as well. So, good gains in market share. A great result there, hopefully, from your perspective as well. Moving on to the adviser story, if you like, or the adviser lens on HUB24. Since 1H 2021, we had 11% advisers using the Platform. It's now at 31%. So, strong adviser growth, which you'll see in the next slide is an indicator for future opportunity as well with the average usage or the average funds under administration per adviser in that same four-year period going from AUD 10 million per adviser up to AUD 20 million. So, we've more than doubled the number of advisers. We more than doubled the usage per adviser in our Platform business. In the same time period, market share having grown from 2.3% to 7.9%. There's a lot of potential long way to go in this industry as a market leader to continue to grow and a great opportunity for us to keep working on, as you'll see in the next slide. We break this adviser lens down to look at the opportunity for that further growth. On the left-hand side for the first half of 2025, you can see the outlined box there that 86% of our flows for the first half have come from existing lines of seasoned adviser relationships, 12% from new advisers in those relationships and 2% from new relationships. Given that's the first half that number will bounce around a little bit as advisers who started using the Platform  (00:10:23) for the full year, and you'll see that revert back to the normal trend there. It's a great result with us continuing to get flows from existing clients and picking up new ones as well. Typically, adviser relationships can deliver transition flow benefits on the Platform for a period of up to six years. And so, when we consider that we had 361 advisers on the right-hand side of the slide, 361 net additions in 1H 2025, the average for the past three years was 277. So there's been an increase in advisers signing up to use the Platform on this half, which is an indicator of future flows should we continue to have great products and service. The FUA per adviser having doubled, as I mentioned earlier. Interestingly, the average FUA per adviser in the industry is about AUD 75 million. So, lots of room for us to continue to grow that usage. And 11% of advisers, we've actually gone up to AUD 50 million or more than AUD 50 million on HUB24. So, the slide is painting a picture about if we look at the lead indicators for adviser relationships, there's much more for us to do, much more opportunity to continue to grow and continue to exceed in the marketplace looking at those stats. And before I pass on to Kitrina Shanahan, I have a quick snapshot of our other businesses with our Tech Solutions business and myprosperity delivering consistent growth. Class has maintained its position as second largest market share and growing at system, with about 30.4% market share, more than 210,000 accounts with Class software solution. Interestingly, the self-managed superfund establishment has increased, and we'd expect that to flow through these numbers in the next six months as well. And NowInfinity, the growth in 810,000 (sic) [818,000] (00:12:07) companies using Corporate Messenger and NowInfinity growing at 1.7 times system. So, great leadership there from those two businesses. And on the right-hand side, the penetration into myprosperity is increasing. There's more to do. It's still early days. We had 18,000 new households sign up in 1H 2025, and 23 new practices using the solution. And you can see the activity stats there as well the logins from customers and firms, a number of documents stored on the system as indicators of further usage moving forward. Kitrina Shanahan, our CFO, will then take us through some of the financial results. Thanks, Kit. Excellent. Thank you, Andrew. So, I'll now run through the financial results. Here on the first slide, we have a snapshot of the Group, Platform and Tech Solutions with revenue, underlying EBITDA and customer number. So the Group revenue of AUD 195 million and underlying EBITDA of AUD 77.6 million, with the Platform delivering 79% of the revenue, Tech Solutions delivering 19% of the revenue. And the Corporate segment, which holds the strategic investments and also has the corporate interest income in there, being 2% of the Group's revenue. Platform revenue for the half was AUD 154.2 million, and underlying EBITDA of AUD 66.7 million. Custody FUA and net flows still being the main driver, which is 97% of the Platform revenue. The customer base, as Andrew mentioned, just under 5,000 advisers. We've got 4,886 active financial advisers using the Platform. And on the Technology Solutions side of the business, underlying EBITDA of AUD 13.8 million for the half and revenue of AUD 38 million with a customer base of 6,500 accounting practices using the Class solutions. Then if we move to the next slide, we have a snapshot of the Group financial results with operating revenue up 25% to the AUD 195 million. Operating expenses, up 16% in half-on-half comparing to December 2023 growing 16%, with revenue growing significantly faster than operating expense of underlying EBITDA is up to AUD 77.6 million, up 41% over the pcp. Underlying EBITDA margin has grown 4.7% from 35.1% to 39.8% this half. And we also have the underlying NPAT up 40% to 42.6%, and stat NPAT up 54% to 33.2%. You can see on the graph on the right-hand side, the contribution from Platforms, Tech Solutions and Corporate businesses with a Platform operating revenue up 34% on the pcp and Tech Solutions up 3.2%, underlying EBITDA platform delivering AUD 19 million of the underlying EBITDA growth of the platform. Moving on to the next slide, we have more details on the Platform segment with total FUA up 33% to just under AUD 121 billion, AUD 120.9 billion. Custody FUA at the 31st of December was AUD 98.9 billion. As Andrew mentioned, on the 13th of February, we gave an update AUD 102.6 billion, so crashed through the AUD 100 billion mark. Non-custody was up 17% to AUD 22 billion and Platform net inflows of AUD 9.5 billion in the six months, which included AUD 8 billion of underlying net inflows and AUD 1.5 billion for EQT, the large migrations that were completed in the half, and the EQT opportunity being AUD 5 billion in total, and we've got another AUD 1 billion expected to come through in the second half 2025, which will close out at large migration of $5 billion that we called out. Underlying EBITDA is up – the underlying EBITDA margin is up 3.3% to 43.2% in the half. And you can see the bottom – the graph on the bottom right-hand side shows the walk of the FUA with net inflows of $9.5 billion and market movements of $5 billion in the custody side and the non-custody growing $1.7 billion in the half. Okay. Moving on to the next Platform slide. So, on this slide, we give a bit more detail on the Platform revenue margin with the revenue margin reducing 1 bp in the half to 32 bps, which you can see on the bottom right-hand side graph. There were strong markets during the half, which meant that average balances were increasing and people were moving into slightly higher tiers. The percentage of custody FUA with fee-paying clients remain steady in the half, and you can see that in the analyst and investor pack. The average cash as a percentage of the custody FUA remained stable in the half at 7%, although we did see that dip down to when we came out at an exit run rate at the 31st of December, it was more around the 6.5% mark. Moving on to the next slide, we have the composition of the Platform revenue and Platform FUA. So, here on the graph on the right-hand side, you can see that the composition with 86% of the custody FUA held in retail, which is up 1% on first half 2024, and the institutional portion of the custody FUA is down 1% to 14%. The retail flows have been really strong over the last 12 months, which has offset the growth in the institutional FUA plus the large migrations from EQT going into institutional FUA. The graph on the bottom right-hand side shows the movements in the retail and institutional revenue. And you can see the 1 bp reduction in the total custody FUA from 33 bps to 32 bps, with the 1 bp reduction coming from the retail side of the portfolio, 37 bps down to 36 bps, and institutional revenue margins remaining stable at 13 bps. Okay. So, then moving on to the next slide. We have the Platform underlying EBITDA margins. They've grown to 43.2%, up 1.7% on the second half 2024 and up 3.3% in the 12 months to December 2024. You can see that in the graph on the bottom right-hand side, all of the growth on the Platform side is coming from operating leverage and growth in net flows and strong markets. We then have the graph on the right-hand side, which shows the previous five halves, with the revenue and consistently increasing underlying EBITDA margin steadily ticking up to that 43.2%. The four-year compound annual growth rate for the Platform underlying EBITDA is 40%. So, fantastic growth in the Platforms division. Moving on to Tech Solutions. So, it's been a really strong half, with underlying EBITDA of AUD 13.8 million, up 37% on first half 2024. And the underlying EBITDA margin has grown 7.3% on pcp to 36.4%. You can see the growth in all of the key metrics for Class, with Class accounts growing 3% to just over 210,000 Class accounts growing at system. Class document orders up 10%, just over 200,000 in the six months, and companies using the Corporate Messenger solution up 17%, which is significantly above the system growth. Operating expenses are up 2% on first-half 2024 and – sorry, down 2% on first half 2024 and slightly up on the second half 2024. The operating leverage that we're seeing come through in the core businesses has enabled reinvestment new capabilities for the Class customers. Moving on to group expenses and underlying EBITDA margin. You can see the graph on the right-hand side, expenses are growing 16% to AUD 149 million, or up 17% if you're excluding the amortization related to acquisitions. So, employee expenses is the main driver, with AUD 9.3 million increase half-on-half in employee-related expenses. FTE has been relatively flat half-on-half, with 883 first half 2024, 882 first half 2025. This reflects very disciplined cost management. However, we do have increases in customer-facing FTE supporting the growth that we're seeing come through in the businesses. So, you can see in the commentary there, we've got customer-facing FTE increasing 20 and we've got corporate roles in areas like risk and compliance and HR increasing nine. However, this has been offset by the closure of the Xplore integration and the wind-down of some of the large migration activities, with the bulk of the EQT migration being completed. And then the graph on the right-hand side just shows you the contribution to the underlying EBITDA margins from the various areas, Platform on delivering 2.3% of the underlying EBITDA margin growth in the half. Moving on to the next slide. We have a walk of the underlying EBITDA to the underlying NPAT and statutory NPAT. Both the underlying EBITDA and underlying NPAT are up 40%, 41%. So, the underlying EBITDA of 77.6% reduced by AUD 6.7 million of share-based payments, AUD 9.5 million of depreciation and amort, and then AUD 18.8 million of interest and tax, taking us down to AUD 42.6 million of underlying NPAT. And then the acquisition amortization on things like the Class acquisition, Xplore acquisition, net of tax AUD 9.4 million, taking us to 54% growth in statutory NPAT. We've also in this slide given you a bit of an indicator of the depreciation and amortization for full-year 2025 will be somewhere around AUD 19 million to AUD 21 million. And then the acquisition amortization for full-year 2025 is expected to be around that AUD 26 million. There has been a bit of an uptick in the effective tax rate up to 28%, 25% first half 2024, so a bit of an uptick there. That's mainly related to movements in our deferred tax balances that relates to things like the purchase of the treasury shares and the timing of using those treasury shares and R&D claims. And then moving to the final finance slide. We've got a recap here of the dividend with a 30% growth in the dividend and a dividend declared of AUD 0.24 per share in the half. You can see that on the graph on the right-hand side, a four-year CAGR in the dividends of 52%, and a 48% four-year CAGR on the underlying diluted EPS, which was AUD 0.51 per share in the half. We've also called out here the strong operating cash flows. So, we have operating cash flows of AUD 67.1 million in the half, which is a 86% conversion of EBITDA to operating cash flows. And we've also given you a bit of a lift here of a few things that, well, what do we use the cash for, ongoing investment expected to be around AUD 20 million of CapEx in the half. We've got employee share schemes, purchasing treasury shares on market to service those employee share schemes. And we've got also the operational risk financial requirements for the HUB24 Super fund, with the Super fund growing and the offer reserve expected to increase as well and potentially a loan there with the trustee to service the offer. So, with that, I will hand back to Andrew to talk about the strategy and the outlook. Thank you, Kit. As you know, our industry has been undergoing transformation for quite some time, that it is continuing and it's continuing in a way that is allowing HUB24 to be uniquely positioned to capture significant opportunity for growth. So, for example, we've seen the emergence of advice networks over the last couple of years since the exit or the realignment of advisers away from institutionally aligned, with 90% of our advisers now being privately owned licensees, and then the emergence of advice networks working together to build sustainable business models. We've recently seen two large wealth institutions exit their aligned advice businesses out into separate business pools, that being AMP and Insignia. The investment – or the lack in investment in advice infrastructure following the exit of wealth from the banks is continuing, and there's continuing uncertainty about the ownership of some traditional institutionally owned platforms, with that being very topical in the media at the moment, about ownership, ongoing ownership at platforms and, indeed, ownership for those institutions as well, and with cybersecurity risks driving up demand as well. So, from an industry perspective, there's a lot of change which is ongoing from the transformation that's been happening since right about 2013, and we're very well-positioned to deliver into that industry change. And on the customer point of view, the demand for advice is increasing, with 2.3 million Australians' unmet advice needs. We've got a huge groundswell of Australians looking to transition from accumulation to retirement over the next decade, about 3.6 million Australians doing that. And close to AUD 5 trillion of assets looking to have transferred intergenerationally over the next few decades as well, which is changing the need and the design for products in our industry to include more retirement products, but also to think about products for intergenerational wealth transfer and so forth. And the need for that requires -- or to do that, you require data integration, great systems, great solutions, and increased profitability for financial advisers and customers by leveraging technology, which is certainly what we're about at HUB24 as well. So, the industry and the customer needs continue to shift and we are uniquely positioned, in our view, to continue to deliver into that. We can break that down into two opportunity sets, if you like, on how we look at that through two lenses. One is about us growing our market leadership today. On the left-hand side of the slide, they're just talking about our established businesses being HUB24, Class, and NowInfinity, well regarded as market leaders and having that strong position. So, we're well-positioned to continue to grow those businesses. And on the right-hand side of the page, to continue to transform the industry, and as we like to say sometimes, create tomorrow through technology and data solutions that leverage our capabilities to drive efficiency for professionals and get better outcomes for customers. So, taking advantage or harnessing our footprint to deliver more products to more customers and strengthen our relationships across our customer groups, across those existing business models. Hence, two large opportunities to grow our current market-leading businesses, but also to create additional revenue and shareholder value through building technology and data solutions that increase advocacy for both, and with both of those opportunities creating both synergies for each other. If I look at that from a footprint perspective on the next slide, our business footprint supporting the strategy, we are the best – our goal is to be the best provider of integrated platform, tech and data solutions. You can see in the middle of the slide that footprint with our market-leading businesses. Taking that footprint with our strategy of leading today, creating tomorrow, and our very deep-rooted attitude of working together and collaborating with our industry to build an open architecture, choice-based industry, and also thinking about the future, we certainly hope to deliver change and deliver needs that meet  (00:28:18) across the life cycle, but get some great outcomes in terms of one way of doing business with access to market-leading solutions; a single view of wealth for customers and professionals, which is sadly lacking in our industry; efficient access to an ecosystem of technology providers that will enhance productivity and allow advisers to see more customers and make advice more accessible for Australians; great flexibility and insights for businesses and for advisers as well. And so, we talked about  C4 (00:28:48) in terms of our strategy and those four pillars, and we are continuing to work in that direction. A little bit of a snapshot of some things that we're working on, on the next slide, before we get to our outlook slide. Certainly, we're going to continue to deliver solutions for evolving customer needs. And that is we're enhancing our retirement functionality to allow pension payments or allocated pension payments to be more flexible and paid at different times of the month. We're also working with Challenger in enhancing their user interface and how it works with our platform and looking at other solutions to help people transition from superannuation to  returned (00:29:22) or accumulation to draw-down. We're further enhancing our integrated or single-view wealth view of custody and non-custody solutions with our market-leading platform. We're working on also a wholesale  PDS or offer (00:29:36) for the high-net-worth market to give access to different ranges of asset classes. So, whilst we have great products that service that industry as well, we're going to work on a discrete or separate product offer targeted at that marketplace with broader access to different solutions and asset classes. And of course, with our Discover offer on HUB24, we're enhancing the range of investment opportunities, which is for those with simpler needs or smaller balances. So, playing at the entry-level part of the industry, as well as the high-net-worth part of the industry, and all the way in between where we certainly are  excelling (00:30:12) in our superannuation investment capabilities there. On the productivity side, we'll continue to deliver enhancements for HUB24. We are, as I said, evolving our  Presents (00:30:21) reporting capability to a new product called Engage. We're enhancing payments functionality, that's actually being able to pay third parties out of your investments through our cash management facility. Additional data feeds and integration to Class, which I mentioned earlier, making it easier for those with the self-managed Super fund to have the source documents required to finalize their accounts  (00:30:43) in auditing, and allowing that to work much more smoothly in the future. Continuing to collaborate with large licensees and customers to build that open-architecture wealth system or ecosystem where HUB24 components and other components will be merged together to simplify and have better straight-through processing end-to-end, cyber secure, multifactor authentication, consents, and so forth through a whole ecosystem. Certainly have been working with productivity with our business partners as well. And lots going on with AI and robotics and automation. For example, the fee consent award we got for the Best Innovation earlier is using AI to look at fee consent forms coming from customers to make sure they pass  (00:31:31) automated templates through that individually and in bulk. All sorts of things with AI in terms of compliance, using large language models, which we've been doing for some time now, to read unstructured documents to help licensees with compliance on SOAs, dashboards, predictive analytics, lots going on in that space with our dedicated innovation lab as well. And we'll talk more about that as we continue to extend in those areas safely and robustly to protect consumers, of course, but certainly making a difference in terms of productivity and outcomes. So, that's a bit of an idea of some of the things we are working on as always. And turning to our last slide and summing up the presentation today before we move to questions. HUB24 continues to have a significant opportunity for growth and, of course, to create value for customers and for shareholders. We have updated our FUA guidance. This is the guidance we gave for the end of financial year 2026 when we did our FY 2025 results in August of last year. We had set a target of AUD 115 billion to AUD 123 billion of custodial FUA. We've updated that due to the great half we've had and the opportunities in the pipeline we've got right now and some of the market movement to a range of AUD 123 billion to AUD 135 billion for the same time period. So, for financial year 2026, we're giving guidance that we expect our FUA  (00:32:51) to land in that range. The lower bound of that range actually being the higher bound when we published that guidance six months ago. So, a great result to be able to update that in a period of six months' time, and that's based on the strong start, as I said, to the financial year. Net inflows of between 11% to 15% per annum, excluding large migrations; some of the known migrations we've got, potentially factoring in some outflows of discontinuation of the Xplore MDA business, which we announced in our recent quarterly and a range of market assumptions. So, on the left-hand side, a similar story. Look, we are in a structurally growing marketplace, and we intend to leverage that and the demand for integrated solutions with the great footprint we've got. We've got strong growth from existing relationships and a strong pipeline of new relationships as well. The platform is particularly positioned to grow significantly, having won those recent awards, with nearly a 10-point gap between us and the highest ranking traditionally institutional-owned platform, and a 30-point gap between some of the others. And so, that's a great accolade for us. We intend to capitalize on our unique footprint and capabilities to unlock value for customers and shareholders. That's in terms of investment options, efficiency, information, and insights. Our operations, of course, are scaling. You're seeing that through some of the results that Kitrina outlined with margin expansion. And we're very, very well-positioned from a capital and cash flow perspective. So, thank you very much for tuning in today. Of course, we always are thrilled to have the support and the interest of shareholders and analysts in the market alike. And thank you for joining us. We'll open up to questions now. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from James Bisinella from Unified Capital. Please go ahead. Hi, Andrew. Hi, Kit. Congrats on what looks like a pretty flawless result. Just on the net flow FUA guidance, it was sort of AUD 11 billion-plus previously. And that's changed to AUD 11 billion to AUD 15 billion. So, you've put a AUD 15 billion kind of upper end out there. Just interested in the reasoning for that. Is that just around the strong pipeline and visibility over the next 12 months? Yeah, I'm happy to take that one, James. So, look, we've given a broader range just because, obviously, the first six months of this half has been fantastic, AUD 8 billion of underlying and AUD 9.5 billion in total. And the pipeline is really strong, and the positive sentiment that we're seeing come from the distribution network is really strong. And equally, the markets seem to be very strong as well. So, if all of those things hold, it absolutely looks like it could be at the upper end. But if any of those things change, then you could be down at the back end or the lower end of that pretty quickly. And so, really, the reason why there's such a large range this time and there is that lower end of it compared to where the run rate is at is just because the uncertainty as to how long will this positive environment continue. We do have a bigger base and market movement can affect that with more volatility. And should markets correct or we end up with zero market growth over a 12-month period, you can see us – that changing remarkably, James. So, that's the reason why. And we'd rather not be revising guidance. We're certainly very optimistic about hitting to the middle or upper end of range. Definitely, I guess it looks pretty strong just seeing you did kind of AUD 11 billion on a like-for-like basis in 2024. Just another one for me on large migrations. Just keen to hear what the pipelines for those look like as well, and kind of there are many tenders out there in the market, just interested because it appears the cadence in wins on those larger deals appear to be picking for the group. Look, there's always activity. And as we've said sometimes, and thank you, James, for asking the question. We're very shy about giving too much away. There's always activity. In some cases, the nature of them is shifting. So, once there are opportunities like that, there are opportunities to pick up large transitions as opposed to migrations from licensees or businesses who are retooling or reconsidering their future, particularly in a lot of the change that's going on in the industry. So, there is certainly momentum for unplanned flows from our perspective in terms of our normal organic flow. In some cases, it might be large transitions; other cases, it might be IT projects and migrations. But as and when we get them and we're certain of them, we would let you know. Excellent. Congrats again and thanks for taking my questions. Thanks, James. Thank you. Your next question comes from Siraj Ahmed from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Hi, Andrew. Hi, Kitrina. I'll ask two questions. Just first one, Andrew, can you just clarify, I might have missed this, what the split between market movement and flows is for the third quarter so far? And I understand the range of AUD 11 billion to AUD 15 billion. I mean, first half, as Kit mentioned, was AUD 8 billion. Any reason you're seeing anything slow into the second half at the moment? Thanks. No, the flows have been strong to date. So, as you know, we don't normally spell that out. We'll give you results at the quarter. But, obviously, we had a strong quarter to December, and we had higher-than-expected flows in January. We normally budget January to be a lower month. So, we certainly had higher flows than expected in January and also in February to date. So, there is quite a bit of market movement in that number. I think is it – the ASX 200 was up 4.7% in the first six weeks. That's right, yeah. And so, there's some market movement in there. We don't correlate totally to that. But the flows are quite healthy. That would indicate, Siraj, that the strength in the market and the customer sentiment continues in terms of advisers and customers putting money into equities and investment vehicles. Got it. So, no reason for the AUD 8 billion to slow at this state, at least – at this stage, at least. Thanks. Second one, maybe one for... We have no indicator of that yet. Yeah, we have no indicator of that, but we also just say we can't say that there's a trend here for the first half to continue in the second half, but it looks fairly consistent. Perfect. Second one, maybe one for Kit. Just it's interesting that the employee numbers were down half-on-half, right? And so, should that mean that OpEx growth should slow? I think you previously said maybe low to mid-teens. Sounds like this has to be low-teens based on the head count. It would be pretty helpful just to get some color on that. Thanks. Yeah, correct. So, look, I think as I sort of mentioned in the call, we did have this sort of reset on integration activities and large migrations broadly completing. And so, and that obviously did offset the growth in the head count that you would have seen for the volumes coming through. You can expect to see in the second half, given everything that we said today and the fact that we're still seeing this positive momentum come through, you can expect us to add head count into the second half. And that head count in the second half could be anywhere around the  15 (00:40:38) to 60 FTE, depending on the environment that we go into, but that's what you can expect to see. You can absolutely expect to see operating expenses. Like I said, when we came out of full-year 2024, I was expecting it to be in that mid-teens. I think because we have such strong growth, the variable costs associated with the Platforms side of the business are absolutely increasing. And you can expect – and you've also got supplier CPI increases, salary increases in there, and you'll see some head count increases in the second half. So, I'm probably expecting it to be more in that sort of in the mid-teens, slightly above, certainly not below, coming out into the second half.   (00:41:23) Yeah. Sorry, go on, Andrew. Sorry. I've got to say the benefits of automation and the investment we've had in our operations team are being leveraged so that the amount of head count you need for the growth is more efficient, but there is variable costs in terms of  (00:41:39) third parties, and there is some head count increase there. But we've done very well with our investment in automation to slow that level of growth. Yeah. Sorry. Just clarifying, did you say 50 to 60 people in the second half or was it  15% to 16% then (00:41:54)? 50 to 60 in the second half, yeah. Right. Thanks. I'll jump...   (00:42:00) Siraj, I haven't signed off on that yet, but we'll still keep talking about it. All right. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Bob Chen from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hey, thanks for the question, guys. I think there was a comment earlier just around that acceleration in the number of advisers you have added over the half as well. Can you sort of go into a little bit more detail on where those advisers are coming from? And do you expect that sort of momentum to continue into the second half and into next year? I would love to be able to go into more detail because I asked the question myself, Bob, and I couldn't quite get an answer. It seems to be fairly representative of the shape of our book. So, it's not from any one large account or so forth, it's across the board through all our channels and segments that we've had an increase. I think it is a testament to the investment and the work that we've been doing for some years now and indicating of the growth we saw in the first half. So, nothing notable there. As to will it continue, hard to say. It certainly is a great result and sort of surprised us on what we were expecting. And when you look at the stats in the industry, you'd have to think that at some point in time, it might slow down. But back to my earlier strategic comments, other platform providers are not catching up. We were number one and we've now won the Most Improved award, which means we've improved more than others, but we are already the market leader. Does that that necessarily mean that we're going to continue to enjoy being selected as a platform of choice? In that case, you could see it continue. But I have no other indication, other than that, to comment on, Bob. Great. Thanks for that. And then just on the Tech Solutions business, we've seen a pretty strong pickup in both revenue and also the margins in that business. Like how much of that revenue growth was driven by price? And can we sort of expect further price increases to drive growth in that business into next year? And then on the cost side, it seems like there's been a fair deal of cost control there as well. Do we expect that to continue as well? So, on the revenue side, yes, you're correct that the Class business did put through a price increase on its – on the Class side of the business  (00:44:23) not the Documents and Corporate Messenger piece so much. I mean, absolutely, the software businesses, you can expect to see at least CPI, if not more, price increases going through. Class has delivered capabilities with extra document feeds, direct feeds into share registries, et cetera, that customers are getting. So, they are continuing to invest. And so, yeah, you will still see price increases coming through. On the expenses and the FTE and the disciplined cost management side, we did do a lot of that in the – coming out of the second half, and you've seen the benefit of that in the first half. I think it's set at the right sort of level now. Obviously, we'll continue, we're always looking to improve, get more operating leverage so that we can reinvest to continue grow the businesses. But I think you've seen a large chunk of that disciplined cost management already embedded in there. Great. Thanks, Kit. Thank you. Your next question comes from Cameron Halkett from Wilsons Advisory. Please go ahead. Hi, Kit. Hi, Andrew. Just one quick question from me, please. Just around the cash balances. Kit, is there anything to highlight here on the stability relative to floor levels that you've seen? I suppose easing cash balances normalize given the healthy cadence of flows that are starting to come through rather than any perhaps meaningful roll-off of term deposits or any reallocation with asset allocation? Thanks. Yeah. So, we don't include term deposits, just as a clarification, in that cash as a percentage of average FUA. That is – again, that's just the transaction account, cash balances when we're calling out the 7% in the – across the second half. Look, it's difficult to say where they're going to traject to in the future and in the long-term. And it does move around a lot, like if you have very strong equity markets and very buoyant equity markets and you have high confidence, which is what we're clearly seeing at the moment, you can expect that the customer behavior underneath, you can expect to see them moving into equities. And so, the cash balances naturally might come down during those economic cycles. And then, when the equity markets sound so positive and people are more nervous then and if interest rates are high, then people will park more in their transaction accounts, but it does move around a little bit. I guess we have historically sort of said that it would've been around that 8% to 10% had been normal. And what we're probably seeing more now certainly for the remainder of 2025 and possibly into 2026, I'm probably thinking more that somewhere between 6% and 7% is more normal in this environment, but it could change. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. No, makes sense. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nick McGarrigle from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Good day. Just to clarify, the overall OpEx growth of kind of above 15%, that applies to the group, right? I mean, you kind of did a bit better than that in terms of OpEx growth in the first half. But just wanted to clarify, that's a group guidance, it will be kind of in the mid to high-teens? Yeah, that's right, Nick. That is totally at a group level. And yeah, mid to high-teens is exactly the right way to think about it. Yeah. And given you grew mid-teens in first half 2025 on pretty flat FTE and you're adding 50 to 60 roles in the second half, how should we think about OpEx growth into 2026? Yeah. Look, it's a good question. You can – I would say you can take that 50 to 60  (00:48:14) because it does depend on the timing of the phasing as to when they come in and as to the impact in 2025. But if the hiring – if the growth continues as it is and the hiring continues as we're potentially expecting, because it's driven – three-quarters of that comes from the growth then maybe a quarter of that comes from investment into the create tomorrow and the strategy, so if those things continue as they are, you can expect that full run rate into full-year 2026. And then you've obviously got the growth. We've given you the guidance in the – where the net flow range could be, and you can kind of model that out normally. The unknown certainty in there – piece in there is around the, well, what will the reinvestment be and how much will the reinvestment into operating leverage that's coming through, and we'll probably give you more details on that as we head into the year-end. Okay. I mean, given you had flat FTE first half, you're growing it in the kind of 7%, 8% range in the second half, could be reasonable to expect that your growth rate in OpEx is higher in 2016 than it has been thus far in first half 2025? Yes, I would say in 2026, you can expect – I mean, where we're at the moment, I wouldn't expect it necessarily to be – you'll still see the operating leverage come through. But maintaining it at these levels where we've had very low head count increase in first half, no, that – I'm not expecting that to happen in 2026, but there's still a lot of – a long runway before we get there. Yes. Okay, understood. I think you made a comment in the presentation about ongoing operating leverage and that can continue to support reinvestment same time, given the strength in the top line. Just wanted to get a sense of... That's a very... Yeah. And I guess on the Tech Solutions side, it was a really strong EBITDA outcome in the first half. The 36% margin, is that something that you'd expect as the new normal? Or was there a bit of cost consolidation in there that was maybe temporary and that margin moderates off that 36%? I think the margin will moderate slightly off that 36%. But I think it will be – the growth that you've seen in the first half 2025, you won't see that level of growth come through in the second half or into 2026. But I think that the – when you look at year-on-year, the underlying EBITDA margin for Tech Solutions, you can still expect to see a substantial growth year-on-year. And I think it should be sort of around that 36-ish mark, but you just won't see that level of growth come through that you've seen in that 7.3%. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. And then maybe a last one for me. Tax was a bit over 28% in the first half. Understand there was some temporary things and obviously, a lot of treasury shares bought back in the half. What's the kind of tax rate that you think the business normally would track to? And does that change short-term versus maybe where – if you looked out five years, does it track towards a full 30% tax rate? Or is there always going to be a bit of that? There's likely to always be a bit of that purely because we have R&D credits that come through that generally reduce the tax rate. Obviously, one of the other things that move the effective tax rate around is the purchase of treasury shares and the timing of utilization of those. And there will come a point in the next two years potentially where we will become 100% hedged on those treasury shares versus utilizing the treasury shares to service the employee share gains. Once we are hedged – 100% hedged on that, you'll see less volatility from that. And so, only be the R&D that is moving the tax rate around. Yeah. Okay. So maybe second half won't be quite as high what we saw in the first half and then over time, tracks up towards the kind of 28% number, but not towards the 30%. Correct. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for that. Thank you. Your next question comes from Scott Hudson from MST. Please go ahead. Yeah. Good afternoon, Andrew and Kit. Maybe Kit, could you give us a sense of what level of cost savings your investments in automation and robotics has delivered? I don't have that number to hand and we generally don't give it out. Andrew is just calling out to me. This half, we've seen a saving of... 14 FTE in operations team, sorry, Kit. Yeah. 14 FTE. In terms of – sorry, for cutting cost to board, we haven't had to hire 14 people as a result of that automation in operations. But I haven't quantified that in dollar terms. And that's in the operations part of the business, probably doesn't include other areas where we do the automation. Thanks. And then your comments that your FTE were flat year-over-year were complemented by a comment that average FTE was higher through the period. Can I just sort of understand, I guess, the movements in your FTE  (00:53:49)? Yeah. So the average FTE would have been higher just because of the timing of the phasing of hiring in the first half. And so – and it's always – it generally is group technology and its operations where we're constantly putting on extra head count to keep up with the volumes and the net flows and the number of accounts that we're seeing come through. So Class, you would have seen the head count reduced slightly, and you saw that come through in the cost management that we did, and that's probably normalized now. And then particularly heading into the end of the first half, you would have seen an uptick in the technology and the operations head count, which is what's driving the average up. Okay. And then could I get a sense of sort of what underlying wage inflation is like for your employee base? So, looking in – we do our pay reviews between June and September. And so, the pay increases take effect from the September month. And so, this year, when we were putting it through, you would have seen anywhere between, say, 4% and 6%. And we'll – we haven't got a lens on what next year will be like. But, this year, you would have seen more like 4% to 6%. So that will annualize through the second half. That's right. Correct. And then lastly, just myprosperity, obviously, EBITDA loss of sort of AUD 1 million. Are we, I guess, closer to the inflection point on myprosperity when we should start to see some of those losses unwind? I think it's taking a bit longer and there's more to do, but we're seeing the growth in the underlying business. We're certainly working on a whole lot of pilots and prototypes, but we are investing in that business and looking at new ways to go to market. So, the expense line has been a bit hungrier than we would have liked in terms of the matching it with the revenue. But in terms of the advocacy for the platform, the flows and the strategy, it's paying dividends. So, yes, you won't see that turnaround in the very short term. Thanks very much. Thank you. Your next question comes from Olivier Coulon from E&P. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Can you hear me? Yes, all good. Hi, Ollie. How are you doing, Andrew? Congrats on the result. Just on the cash balance, Kit, in terms of finishing at 6.5%, I think you said, has that lifted since in this quarter? Or is it continuing to run at around that level? No, we're seeing it more run around that level, which is why I'm kind of giving you guys that steer that even though second half 2024 and first half 2025 were both quite consistent at that 7%, I think with the environment that we're in and with the size – combined with the scale that we've got, it has come down to that 6.5%, and it looks like it's definitely staying around there from what we've seen quarter to date.   If you're (00:57:01) looking at riskier asset allocation maybe because interest rates might be coming down, I think it's time again, but certainly, people are more risk on in this part of the cycle, which is affecting there. Yeah. I mean, obviously, you're getting the benefit on the other side of free flow, so. Yeah. And then just in terms of the reduction in head count, can I clarify? So the 30 or 29 people that you took out from the end of migrations, et cetera, were those already included – were those included in the underlying numbers last year? Or were they part of that AUD 9.5 million of OpEx that you effectively treated as like a nonrecurring item? Yeah. Some of those would have been – and a large chunk of them would have been in those underlying – so those notable items that we did for Xplore and the large migrations. And some of them might have been in the above the line, but the bulk of it would have been below the line. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. And then just on the impact on the retail margin down 1 basis point. So, was all of that just the effect of tiering and capping from market growth and, I guess, the natural maturation of the book? Or how much is, I guess, like-for-like compression in margin, if any, from the front book, maybe being different to the back book? Yeah. So, look, the bulk of it is coming from the tiering and the fact that the markets were really strong, pushes the average balances up and people go into higher tiers. I think like I did call out on the call but when you look on page 14 of the analyst and investor pack, we've got the spot custody fee paying through. That hasn't moved half-on-half. So, it's not necessarily that people are ticking into higher caps necessarily, that's probably a part of it, but not enough to materially move the portfolio. So, it's people moving into different tiers. I mean, we obviously do have the Discover price – the Discover menu as well, which is a lower revenue margin than our core and our choice offerings. So, again, there's a small element of that that may be in there, but, no, the bulk of it is going to come from the tiering. Yeah. Okay. No, thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you.  Your next question comes from Siraj Ahmed from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Thanks. Just a couple of follow-ups. Andrew, first one on the Xplore MDA, how much have you sort of assumed as a base case of things that could be an outflow from the business? Sorry, how much base case or? Yes, for the base case, what have you assumed sort of could flow out, right, from the AUD 2 billion... I haven't assumed  (00:59:58) allowance for that. It's about AUD 2 billion in there. There's a range of groups there, and we are still working through those groups with transition opportunities, either into existing HUB products or helping them elsewhere. So it's – there isn't a base case announced in there, Siraj. If you wanted to model, model half. It's the only answer I could give you. It could be that we retain three quarters of it or not. But it's certainly a business model that isn't set or viable for us to continue in the way it was run. Got it. Okay. Thanks. And the second one... We got till March 2026, so it's very hard to give you an indication of that. Yes. No, just thought I'd check. And second one, on the pricing question from Olivier, are you seeing any increased pricing on the new deals? Because there's one of your competitors sort of mentioned that as a reason for increasing the cash margin, are you seeing sort of pressure on the new deals? Thanks. I have heard that, but I hadn't seen that written down. I find that an interesting comment to make. But we're not seeing pricing pressure at all in the market. Right now, it's been fairly consistent. But, mind you, it's alive and kicking. If there's deals to be done for value for shareholders. We participate within reason in that, but we're not seeing any pressure that's suggesting there's a pricing movement. We did see overtures of one provider with – relative to new product, giving discounts for a period of time, try and gain market share, that hasn't worked. So we haven't seen any shift where those have been doing less rational pricing have had any benefits of note at this point, although I did hear the same thing that somebody was changing a cash margin maybe to look at other pricing, bearing in mind that since the reset of cash rates and spreads available in the marketplace. In our case, we did not pass that on to consumers. And so, there was a revenue hit for Platforms a couple of years ago in that regard, which is open to change at any point. Super helpful. Thanks, Andrew. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nick McGarrigle from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Hi, just came for any observations on the recent evidential Lonsec merger. Obviously, you guys dominate in managed accounts. And so, I just wanted to see what the consequence of those two coming together might be or if you've got any observations on that. And then maybe just a follow-on on managed accounts. What's the split between super, non-super and managed accounts? Is it kind of evenly split or r is it more an investment's product? I'm not sure we have that data handy, but we might find that subsequently. Certainly, I think it's a good move in the marketplace. It represents what we've been talking about for a long time that matched accounts, provide better utility and better outcomes for consumers in terms of tax management, personal  (01:03:05) assets, continuity, unwrapping, rewrapping that's certainly reduced drag and buy-sell spread from unitized investment vehicles. So, I think it's a natural stage in the same way that you're seeing larger and larger advice groups come together through the merging of licenses, you'll see the bench account providers. I think it's good for the industry, you have large, robust providers doing that. So, consequences, I haven't thought through consequences of such, and then we obviously had a relationship with Lonsec Canada two very,  very good relationships, and we'll continue to work on that with them. The consequence might be the impact on the value chain for investment managers, which are component parts of those portfolios. And buying power from large portfolio managers across that is one possible consequence, but early days. Okay. And I think in terms of more scale means they can try negotiate better margins if they concentrate their scale with one or two platform player? Interesting that there are some fees that are related to portfolios, in terms of portfolio management fees, which you could argue there's volume benefits for both parties and efficiency benefits for both parties. I'm not sure that you'd see it negotiate in a platform rates necessarily because their Platform relationships with  licensees (01:04:28) and investment option portfolio managers are choice based, so you may not necessarily stay with the same portfolio manager, but you might stay with the same platform. So, I can see on some of the fees around supervision portfolios, there's an argument for procurement power there. And there's also an efficiency play for those of us in a platform space. I do see they're being price pressure on investment managers more so than platforms. But it's a thriving market. It's good observation of the question, Nick. Thanks again. Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand back to Mr.  Alcock for closing remarks. Thank you very much everyone for coming along. We look forward to seeing those of you that were booked into for the next couple of weeks for conversations. Thank you for your interest and support. And as I said at the opening of our presentation, it really is a privilege for us to do what we're doing as –  (01:05:29) that's really focus on customers and outcomes and building a new industry or working on the reassertion of the wealth management industry in Australia. Thanks again. 
            