
            Management Discussion: Well, good morning, everyone, and welcome to our 2025 Financial Results Presentation. I'm joined here by our Chief Financial Officer, William McDonnell. And we're holding this briefing in IAG Sydney offices in the lands of the Gadigal People. We acknowledge the traditional owners of country throughout Australia and we recognize their continuing connection to lands, waters and communities. And I pay my respects to their elders past, present and emerging. I'm really proud of the results that we're presenting today. They reflect our success in delivering the strategy we set five years ago to create a stronger and a more resilient IAG. We're delivering for our customers and our communities. We paid out over AUD 10 billion in claims, and we've retained strong NPS and retention metrics. We have delivered strong financial outcomes, which have met or exceeded our expectations, and we've set the business up for growth with over 66,000 net new customers in our retail businesses. And, of course, we've delivered a technology platform for our retail business that is scalable. And because of that and our strong balance sheet, we've acquired RACQ and RAC in WA, and we've funded these acquisitions from organic capital generation. So, stepping through the financials. And, of course, we've achieved a strong outcome here. Our reported insurance profit of AUD 1.7 billion delivers a margin of 17.5%, which does, though, benefit from favorable perils experience, and that was primarily within our New Zealand business. Our reported ROE was assisted by BI release, but importantly, at an underlying level, we are delivering the through-the-cycle target of 15%, which we upgraded in May when we announced the RAC strategic alliance. At an underlying margin level, we've delivered a 15.5% margin, and that's ahead of our through-the-cycle target of 15%. This margin includes the additional investments we've made this year to improve operational efficiency and growth together with the cost of the additional volatility reinsurance protection that we have in place. For shareholders, we've declared a final dividend of AUD 0.19 per share, which brings our total FY 2025 dividends to AUD 0.31 per share. And we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet. Stepping through the results in a bit more detail, and starting with our customer growth. Across our retail businesses, we're focused on growth, and I'm pleased with the progress that we're delivering. We've seen our retail customer growth across Australia, New Zealand with the vast majority of that growth in the second half and you can see that on the slide. The growth we are seeing is built on the strong customer metrics and our trusted brands. Our customer experience measures are high in both Australia and New Zealand with our renewal rates showing signs of improving from their already high levels. And if we take a step back, we've invested heavily in the Retail Enterprise Platform. We've got the majority of our entire Trans-Tasman retail business on this platform, and we can see the capability that this platform is delivering to the business. That means we are starting the new financial year with some real growth momentum in our retail businesses. Dropping a bit further into each of our businesses, and I'll start with the Australian retail. Our headline growth here was around 5%, but that was impacted by the exit of the Coles portfolio. If we exclude this, the underlying growth was 7.3%, with good contributions from all the portfolios here. Motor was up 6.7% and Home was up 8.7% with retention rates above 90% for the majority of states. As I mentioned in Australia, we've migrated over 4 million policies onto the Retail Enterprise Platform. What this does is deliver best-in-class technology for underwriting expertise, policies, pricing, claims and significantly improving our customer experience. Julie and the team are also delivering improved claims experience and efficiency within the supply chain that we're managing. We also celebrated a significant milestone this year with NRMA Insurance, celebrating 100 years of helping Australia. Our New Zealand retail business achieved premium growth of 3.8%, or 5.3% in local currency. Within that, we had 9.3% growth in Home, that reflects strong retention rates and improved customer satisfaction. Within our bank partner, local currency premium grew by 6.9%, with strong growth in all our key personal lines portfolios. Against that, within our New Zealand retail business, our motor portfolio was relatively flat. Our retail business in New Zealand now has over 1 million policies on the Retail Enterprise Platform. The business has further improved customer satisfaction levels by expanding the AMI MotorHub to 10 sites and increasing percentage of claims lodged digitally. And AMI home and motor products are now being offered direct to Aon customers that provide further growth opportunities for our New Zealand retail business. Looking to our intermediated businesses, and I'll start here in Australia. Here we have delivered another solid results in a transitioning commercial market. After we exceeded the original AUD 250 million profit target in FY 2024, Jared and the team have contributed AUD 328 million this year. When you consider this covers the cost of the additional reinsurance protection we've also put in place, the result demonstrates continuing improvement in the underlying profitability of this business. And the business has maintained its pricing discipline with a headline growth of 6.3% that was boosted, though, by some multiyear workers' comp policies. On an underlying basis, growth in this business was around 5%, which includes pricing for inflation. Our key segments here are performing well, particularly WFI, where our close customer connections in regional Australia are providing us with additional growth opportunities. We've invested in this business as well during the year and we'll continue to make considerable improvements to technology platforms for the next couple of years. We've launched CGU Padlock product on our commercial enterprise platform, has been a real success. In the first month after launch  to deliver (00:06:58) an 80% straight through processing has enabled us to double new business premiums for the month of June compared to the same period 12 months ago. And now we have a raft of brokers that are lined up to trade with us through this. And we're going to continue to deliver capability to this business over the next couple of years. The equivalent business in New Zealand has been managing ongoing softening in commercial markets. Its premiums were down 4% or 2.6% in local currency. The actual margins here though have been strong with the business at just over 24% and underlying just under 16%. And we're seeing some positive outcomes here. For example, at our June renewals, we retained most of our large accounts within our New Zealand business and we've entered into a partnership with  Edgar (00:07:46) to expand across rural markets. Importantly here, we'll continue to manage the business with a focus on disciplined underwriting and margin outcomes. I'll now hand over to William, who's going to run through the financials in a bit more detail. Thanks, Nick, and good morning, everyone. Starting with GWP, we've recorded growth of 4.3%, which is in line with our revised expectation announced on the 1st of July. This includes the impact of some non-recurring items, most notably the exit of the Coles portfolio, and therefore, on an underlying basis, we recorded GWP growth of over 5%. This included the strong growth of 7.7% in RIA's direct business, which saw positive customer and unit momentum. As we've mentioned, softer macroeconomic conditions in New Zealand have resulted in a softening in premium growth, most notably in NZI, where our focus is on maintaining strong underwriting discipline. Lastly, GEP and NEP both recorded strong growth from prior rate increases at 8.7% and 8.0%, respectively, which benefited our earnings in the year. In terms of our underlying margin, the full year result of 15.5% was at the top end of our initial reported margin guidance range and showed a strong improvement compared to the 14.5% in FY 2024. Last year, we had a 17% increase in our natural perils allowance for the full year to AUD 1,283 million, which resulted in a 100 basis point drag on margin. And this was more than offset by the 260 basis point improvement in the underlying claims ratio. There was also a 40 basis point increase in the expense ratio and the investment yield, while solid, saw a slight decline from the very strong performance achieved last year. Overall, this is a high quality result and we've continued to adopt conservatism in the balance sheet, both in reserving, including for perils and in booking of our additional reinsurance protections. We continue to enjoy the strong downside protection from these reinsurance protections. And with an underlying margin slightly ahead of our through the cycle target of 15%, we're well positioned in the event of claims or investment market volatility. I'll now talk to some of these individual movements in more detail. In terms of natural perils experience, FY 2025 net claims of AUD 1,088 million was AUD 195 million below our allowance and in line with the position that we indicated on the 1st of July. This was largely due to benign conditions in the first half, while the second half saw perils broadly in line with expectations. And delving further into this, the second half saw continued benign conditions in New Zealand being offset by adverse experience in Australia, including a number of storms and floods in New South Wales. I also thought it would be useful to unpack our reinsurance expense. For FY 2025, our underlying expense, which excludes any amount related to quota shares, increased by 18.8% due to the impact of the long-term perils volatility cover and the full 12 months' recognition of the adverse development cover and Cyclone Reinsurance Pool. However, on a net basis, the increase was only around 10% after reflecting the profit commission related to the perils volatility cover. I want to highlight though that for accounting, this profit commission sits together with claims. Overall, the net additional costs of the ADC and the perils protections is within the 50 basis points to 100 basis points impact on group margin that I outlined when we announced the deals back in June 2024. This long term perils cover provides significant downside protection and has resulted in the FY 2025 – sorry, the FY 2026 perils allowance increasing by only 2.6% to AUD 1,316 million, which is significantly lower than the material double digit increases that we've seen in the last few years. I also want to highlight that we retain upside in all cases where perils are less than AUD 1,316 million as we saw in FY 2025. Turning to underlying claims which exclude all perils reserving and discount rate effects. The ratio has improved to 52.1%. We're pleased with the trend showing a year-on-year improvement of 260 basis points. The underlying claims ratio was sustained in IIA and we saw a strong improvement in RIA and New Zealand, all three operating divisions benefited from solid NEP growth. And in addition to this, RIA saw ongoing benefits from supply chain management and fraud optimization. This is helping offset some issues being seen, such as higher theft claims, most notably in Victoria and higher third-party claims driven by credit hire activities. IIA has seen improvement in long tail experience with the liability books enhanced risk profile driven by pricing and underwriting initiatives. Short-tail classes have been in line with expectation and the team is seeing continued realization of claims initiative benefits, including reduced leakage and improved claims finalization rates. And in New Zealand, the division has seen benefits from claims handling and supply chain initiatives. During the year, the division also saw reduced frequency levels across home and motor portfolios, albeit this is starting to moderate. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, the improvement in the claims ratio was also assisted by profit commission from our reinsurance arrangements and we believe that these will tend to be a recurring feature of our result. On expenses, admin costs on an ex-levies basis have increased 8.6% compared to FY 2024. This is the function of the broader inflationary environment, but also includes higher technology and system investment, including associated amortization. Taking into account earned premium growth, the admin ratio on an ex-levies basis increased 30 basis points to 12.2% compared to 11.9% in FY 2024. I want to highlight that this increase reflects proportionately greater costs to grow and transform the business relative to ongoing costs to maintain. During FY 2025, we migrated over 4 million customer policies onto our Retail Enterprise platform. As we pursue our ongoing program to transform our capacity to meet the needs of customers. We also made good progress with commercial enterprise platform with our first product now live, as Nick mentioned. Our transform costs also include investment in engineering to activate artificial intelligence use cases across the company, and also a number of one-off elements, including around AUD 50 million of costs associated with operating model changes, which we took above the line. And these initiatives are forecast to drive ongoing expense benefits over the next couple of years. At our Investor Day last December, we outlined an efficiency target and granular tracking of benefits to reduce the admin ex-levies ratio to under 11%. And I'm confident in the work the team is doing to achieve this target in FY 2027. We achieved a strong investment performance across our technical reserves and shareholders funds portfolios, which has been a key contributor to our result this year. While the underlying yields declined slightly in FY 2025, the technical reserves portfolio contributed a similar income of AUD 464 million. And in our shareholder funds portfolio, we delivered a strong contribution of AUD 403 million with positive performance across growth and defensive assets. The overall shareholders funds portfolio continues to remain conservatively positioned, with a growth asset weighting of around 25%. Finally, on capital, we finished the year in a strong position and I've shown some of the material movements in this waterfall. Our strong earnings are the largest component of capital generation during the second half, and this has been partially offset by the capital impact from paying the FY 2025 interim dividend. Other call outs in the waterfall includes the capitalized impact from our investments in technology and other impacts, including higher risk charges. This includes the impact of lower yields expanding asset and liability balances and associated risk charges. As Nick mentioned, we're declaring a final dividend of AUD 0.19 per share, bringing total dividends to AUD 0.31, up around 12% on last year. The payout ratio is 65%, which is appropriate in the context of net capital generation to fund the club transactions and a 40% franking rate on the final dividend. And on the next slide, I'll just update on the pro forma position following anticipated completion of those recently announced acquisitions. This waterfall is similar to the one that we presented at the announcement of our acquisition of RAC Insurance in Western Australia. As then, this demonstrates another benefit of the extent of the downside protection that we enjoy from our reinsurance program, which is the added confidence it gives us in our strong, stable, organic capital generation. That means that together with our existing capital surplus, we're well-placed to fund these two large transactions internally. Although, we're not providing FY 2026 NPAT and dividend guidance, you can see we've included an indicative 26 points of capital, reflecting earnings in line with our through-the-cycle 15% margin target, less the interim dividend. We've also included a net positive 5 to 10 points of other expected capital benefits as we continue to develop strategies around capital-light as we set out at our Investor Day in December. As a result, we expect our capital position at 30th of June 2026 to be around 1.4 times, and this positions us well for the 40-point capital impact of the RAC Insurance deal, arising primarily from recognizing intangible assets as well as the additional regulatory capital charges. After both deals, this results in an indicative pro forma CET1 position of 1.0 times our PCA, and we've maintained our CET1 target range of 0.9 to 1.1 times. And given the quality of earnings we are delivering and our comprehensive reinsurance protections, we have increasing comfort to operate in the lower end of that range. With that, I'll now hand over back to Nick. Thanks, William. So, we finished the year with some real – really good momentum within IAG, and the confidence of that is reflected in our FY 2026 guidance, where we expect our existing businesses to grow at or around low- to mid-single-digit. Within that, within the divisions, we expect that our Retail business in Australia to grow at sort of mid-single-digits, Intermediated business here in Australia to grow at low-single-digits, and New Zealand business in total to be relatively flat. We expect our reported profit will be in the range of AUD 1.45 billion to AUD 1.65 billion, roughly equating to a reported Insurance margin of 14% to 16%. And of course, that's in line with our through-the-cycle target of 15% and does include the benefits of the reinsurance arrangements which provide strong downside protection. Importantly, the 2026 guidance does not include any of the benefits of the RACQ and RAC WA acquisitions, and we expect RACQ to be completed on around 1st of September 2025, so in a couple of weeks, and that's going to add over AUD 1.3 billion on an annualized gross written premium basis, at least AUD 1.3 billion. With the additional 10 months of that RACQ premium within our business, we expect that will cause IAG to grow more like 10%-plus over the next 12 months. We also look forward to providing general insurance products and services to RACQ's 1.7 million members, of course. Now, here we're setting out, we're well-progressed with our integration plans here. We've strong track record of migrating customers on to our Retail Enterprise Platform. And what that does, of course, is give us confidence in our ability to successfully integrate these businesses into IAG. Together, we expect the RACQ and the RAC in WA business to add in total around AUD 3 billion of premium to IAG. We expect those two businesses to increase our Insurance profits by at least AUD 300 million and to deliver, of course, double-digit earnings per share accretion on a full synergy run rate basis. Of course, what that does is it will deliver an improved return on equity target of 15% on a through-the-cycle basis. And both associations and their members will, of course, benefit from the financial stability, our technology platforms and our global reinsurance arrangements, and of course, importantly, our customer-centric claims processes. These transactions, combined with our strong existing businesses, means we're well-placed to deliver strong shareholder returns into the future. Now, if you step back, we've made material changes to the way we operate IAG, and we've structured the businesses around our Retail businesses and our Intermediated businesses, and importantly, our capital platform. We've got some of the best consumer insurance brands in the world. And Julie and Amanda are well-positioned to grow these businesses. We've got a modern, leading, scalable technology that supports our brands and our partners' brands, and with insurance products that meet the needs of their customers. And we're investing in our commercial businesses, so they can build on the underwriting and claims improvements that we've delivered and continue to improve the financial contribution of these businesses into IAG. Together, in combination with RACQ and RAC in WA, we'll be supporting over 10 million Australians and New Zealanders, and we'll be writing over AUD 21 billion in premiums on an annualized basis. At the same time, we'll be delivering strong, sustainable shareholder returns, driven by a stable margin with low volatility, capital efficiency that improves our ROE, providing organic capital generation, that's funding our growth. William and I, of course, are happy to answer any questions. I think we're going to start in the room. 
            Questions and Answers: Hi there, Nick. Simon Fitzgerald here from Jefferies. Just wanted to unpack the GWP guidance a little bit, just given what we're coming off on a full year basis, particularly the IIA at plus 6%, now looking for sort of low-single-digit. And also the New Zealand, just want to get a bit of extra color between Commercial and Retail, and sort of at that low end of the guidance, what's the chance that we might see New Zealand actually negative? Yeah. Let's sort of break that down, and William might come in and help me on some of this as well. I mean, we've sort of purposely provided divisional. We're probably also sort of just dealing with New Zealand first maybe. We expect the Retail business in New Zealand to continue to grow, but we're sort of setting it flat, we expect retail business. Commercial is definitely got some headwinds, and we were minus a couple of percent there in the last 12 months and probably something similar again in 2026, something in that order. So, the net of that is sort of saying flat, but we would expect retail to grow both volume and price coming through on the retail business in New Zealand, and then sort of equal and opposite almost within commercial giving a net flat. On the Australian Intermediated business, I think a few important points to make are, remembering our portfolios, first off, I mean we're at the small to medium size, typical customer of CGU and WFI is a small to medium size business, so commercial business within Australia. And so, we – the run rate of that business in the second half and what we expect in sort of 2026 is sort of that low-single-digit type rate flowing through with a little bit of volume growth as well. And that we can see that's happening and sort of the headline number in the second half was lower. But if we sort of normalize that, and we've guided you to this, you can sort of see that low-single-digit coming through, and I would expect to see more of that in 2026 on that front. William? I don't think I have anything to add. Thanks, Nick. Second question, just on the perils allowance, the increase to AUD 1.3 billion. Can I ask whether there's an equal increase in the long-term perils program, maximum payout or is it – this represent just exposure growth and it's being taken on the allowance only? Yeah. Thanks for the question. So, the attachment point continues to be at our allowance. So, this gives us really solid downside protection worse than the allowance. And the good thing, as you point to is that the – it increased by only 2.6%. So, it indexes with exposure, and actually, that's slightly slower than NEP. So, there's a slight benefit in there, and we continue to have around AUD 1 billion pre-quota share each year of downside from that. Now, the aggregate across the full five years of the protection in a way is stronger this year, because we actually didn't use any of it in FY 2024 – sorry, FY 2025. That's right. And you mentioned before, you still get the maximum benefit if you come in less than that in terms of the payback? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Good. And then, just in the third question. The decision to leave RACQ out of the guidance. I mean, can you sort of mention whether you're still comfortable with the AUD 50 million of savings that you expect to get from – or reorganizing the reinsurance program? And does that have anything to do with the fact that they might be on a different timeframe than your own? Yeah. I mean, at a high level – I mean, just so might I'll deal with a high level question on. We didn't put a – we debate at this point. We didn't put it in guidance, partly because we haven't actually transacted the deal yet. We are anticipating that on the 1st of September. So, it's very soon. And if we had already done that, we would have completed it, but we just thought we'd just leave it up and then, things can get delayed, although, at the moment we don't expect that. So, we expect that that will occur on the 1st of September, pretty much the regulatory approvals are all done. And then, we'll – we have guided you to sort of top line. We sort of said this, when we announced the deal, we said this business, right, AUD 1.3 billion of premiums. It's going to be probably slightly more than that, just 10 months of that. So, that gives you that 10%-plus for IAG. That was the guidance around that. On the reinsurance, I mean, we'll be merging the programs together. Obviously, when it's some time to be able to do that, our aim, if assuming we can get that done on 1st of September, the acquisition is probably try to merge a large chunk of it into our 1 January renewal, which is the IAG program, but it will depend on the timing. Yeah. That's right. I mean, we understand, as you'd expect, with their own prudential obligations, they've renewed that program for this financial year. So, but then once we get the keys, we can then take that over and discuss that with reinsurance partners as well. All right. Thank you. That's clear. Good morning. Kieren Chidgey from UBS. Maybe just the first question, I've got a few, the first question on some of your key portfolios. Do you mind just giving us a little bit of around the grounds on second half pricing, but also on inflation trends, Nick? Obviously, we're seeing – I think you've called out a moderation in inflation, but just keen on a bit of detail around Motor, Home, Commercial. Yeah. I mean, it's a theme, we're definitely seeing, sort of the theme is, the big picture is we're seeing moderating of inflation in Motor and Home, it's still Motor and Home, but building costs and repair of motor vehicles, we're seeing moderation of that. We're seeing more moderation in Motor than home, and we're seeing more in New Zealand than Australia. That's sort of the sort of cross-section of that story. The flip of that story is we are seeing some. So, we're definitely seeing property inflationary pressures still, more so in Australia than New Zealand, but we're still saying that – we're seeing some of that. Within Motor, we're seeing some other challenges. Victoria right now, it's got its own challenges around theft and we're seeing frequency come up a little bit. We sort of don't call that inflation, but that's a contributor to the cost of motor insurance, because that needs to be factored into pricing as an example. So, it's never quite just one thing. So, then how does that all play out in pricing? We're seeing low- to mid-single-digit probably in Motor, and slightly more than that in property across the portfolios. And then, within New Zealand, maybe slightly less on both those two themes, but the same themes. So, there's sort of I hear that there's no pricing happening in retail, personal lines in Australia and New Zealand, I mean, that's not right. I mean, we've got pricing flowing through all our businesses. I mean, the other part of that story is that, we have a slide on today that we're really – where we talk more and more about is the organic – we're seeing a little bit of organic growth within our retail businesses. And you can see that in the page that we've shown you around own customers. So, this is genuine growth of the enterprise. We're seeing 66,000 more customers part of our retail business, and importantly, we're seeing momentum in the second half. And so, that really gives us a lot of confidence about 2026 to around growth, not – we just don't want to be talking in organic growth, and I think very important, we've got these wonderful brands. I want to make sure we're talking about organic growth as well as part of our story. Thanks. Second question, perhaps for William on Reinsurance profit commissions. Yeah. Thanks for the disclosure. So, it does imply, obviously, about AUD 85 million of benefit into FY 2025 from your stop loss reinsurance profit commissions, about 85 bps to your margin. Can you give us any color around the split, how you book that between first half and second half, or should we just think about it more from the full year perspective? I would imagine. And obviously, it's a five-year contract. So, I assume, you're having to take a forward view on where the benefit sits today and prospectively what benefit will accrue going forward. So, how sustainable is that 85 basis point benefit? Should we think about that it's just likely to recur in 2026 and beyond? Thanks, Kieren. And yes, I mean, this is a -it's an integral feature of the economics of that perils protection, and of course, that's part of our 15% margin target. And it was part of the economics when we told you a year ago that the impact of that and the ADC would be 50 to 100 basis points on the group margin. And I think the other thing to say is that, I mean, it's a gradual calculation on that goes deep into the layer, most of the way down into the layer, and it's calculated, there's an actuarial calculation of it – of the value of it through the five-year contract. So, I don't expect it to be very volatile, and as we mentioned, I mean we expect that will continue to be a feature of the results. Okay,  (00:32:48) it's been conservatively booked. I was going to add that point. Yeah. I mean, clearly, at the beginning of an arrangement, we've taken a pretty conservative lens. So, the bias will be up, not down on that. Sorry. And you asked about the first half, second split. Yeah. It would be in both.   (00:33:00) first and second half, but it's in the claims... Yes. ...so, benefit is in the claims line, not in the reinsurance expense line. It's definitely an unfortunate accounting exercise that we have to book it in the claims line, not net against the cost of reinsurance, but it's essentially attached to the two. Should we expect a bigger seasonal benefit most years, just given you've got clarity of where you've landed on cap by the end of the year? I think you should expect us to take a conservative view on this as this unwinds and that we're sort of booking a headline and we don't ever be in a position where the opposite is true, that we're reversing something. And so, that will be a theme. So, as I think time will take – time reduces conservatism essentially. So, I don't – I mean, is that going to be part of the financial performance of IAG and the way we unpack the financials? Yes. And probably is there – have we taken a more conservative view today than over the next two or three years? Yes. Okay. Just a final question, bear with me on a bit of detail.   William (00:34:05). Well, it's around your – sort of your margin outlook. So, just stepping through some of the component parts, you've given us very clear expectations on your admin expense ratio, down 60 bps next year. Yeah. You take reserve underlying yield kind of works out to 60 basis point headwind. So, those two things look like a wash. You've said on your outlook slide and in your commentary, you expect pricing to cover inflation and you kept budgets no longer a drag such just your underlying loss ratio is not going to deteriorate. So, taking all that together, doesn't really seem to be any reason why your underlying insurance margin should deviate much from the 15.5% you've just delivered in 2025. Am I missing anything there? Just you've covered the main components. I mean, we did have, of course, taking the early part of FY 2025, we had a bit of a tailwind from coming off the higher inflation and just some earn through. And the other thing that we did mention is that, in our New Zealand business, we really had a benefit in FY 2025 from lower frequency in Motor, in particular, but also in Home. But we're seeing that frequency benefit. It was moderating just through the end of the year and through into July. So, we're not projecting that forward. So, that New Zealand margin would come back a little bit. Kieren, I was going to say my summary. And I mean, just sort of step back, we've got the company set up, I mean, sort of the financial settings of sort of 15% margin, 15% ROE. We've used 14% to 16% as a way of sort of articulating that. I mean, there's unders and overs in that. And then, we feel like the company is well set up to deliver against that return profile. As you know, the other thing we've been doing is spending a lot of time reducing the volatility of that as well. And the thing about our margins is that that's bearing the cost of the reinsurance protection to manage that volatility in that margin. So, that becomes bit self-fulfilling now I think is that we've got this margin, 14% to 16%, the setting is 15%. That's sort of our target. Yeah. We're going to operate around that, definitely  (00:36:14). And there's momentum in our business right now and – but it's also got all the costs associated with managing that volatility in the margin itself. So, that's what – that's the confidence that we've got. Thank you. I think, we're going to go to – I think, no other questions in the room. We're going to go to the phones or the video, I should say. Thank you. Your first question comes from Andrei Stadnik from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, Nick, William. Can I ask my first question around the commercial business? You've flagged that you make investments in the tech platform. You've also flagged, I think previously, you're thinking about maybe additional reinsurance options or some other options. So, can you talk a little bit about that, how you see those strategies evolving from here over the next couple of years? Yeah, maybe I'll talk about the themes and I'll hand over to William to talk about some of the specific reinsurance. I mean, the themes here are that we've had a book on under-invested business that we've owned for some time that you can see what we've done of IAG. We've got a Retail Enterprise platform and the technology that supports two-thirds of the company in place operating, scalable, and now we're adding staff to it essentially. And this has been a sequencing thing and we've really got sort of the back of the retail business strong and we're able to scale it up. It's not the same, but it's the same sort of concept as what we're doing with the CGU and WFI  (00:37:56) businesses, where we are investing in sort of the back of that business and replacing some very old systems and platforms with some modern technology. But what that does is free our company up and we see that in a way we're not sort of building it and hoping like anything it works in three or four years, we are building and deploying it and I'll used an example and in the way I talked about it today, and that's going to be sort of constantly building, deploying, building, deploying, building, deploying and getting the value out of that as we go along. So that business at the moment, we're sort of got deploy capability, people changes in the way a lot of people taught manual processes that have improved its results. We sort of sort of the next wave of opportunity for our intermediated businesses in Australia and New Zealand are really around sort of taking that the cost out, the efficiency, the productivity and the capability that we can build out with technology. And that's going to take – we're going to be deploying that over the next couple of years in a very orderly, thoughtful way. That means we're not going to have shocks in the P&L at all. We're going to continue to drive and be focused on return profile. At the same time, what we're going to do is give Jared and, and the team here in Australia and the equivalent in New Zealand and Amanda and the team in New Zealand, a lot more capability to run that business. And that's really been a theme and we've prioritized Retail Enterprise Platform to get that done. And now you can see  (00:39:26) confidence is on that. We're doing something similar, different but similar concepts with commercial. One of the many other things we're doing, if you think about our volatility, we have perils volatility in our business and we've got a load of stuff that we've talked to you a lot about how are we managing that? Commercial also has some additional volatility, and that's why we're thinking about other ways to manage that. And William, you might comment on here. Yeah, that's right. And I mean, you all know that we've been pursuing our capital light strategy and we think that's a good strategy. I mean, both to increasingly achieve capital efficiency and that improves ROE and EPS, but also to reduce volatility, which I think is appreciated. And so the logical next step on that journey, having done what we've done on perils and the ADC and the previous holder of account quota shares is to look at bringing some additional capital or reinsurance behind the commercial business. And so that we're continuing to explore in a number of ways. And if we find a good deal, it meets all of our requirements, obviously, we'll, we'll let you know about that. If we can do that also, I mean, it would be nice to be freeing up some capital from that business and reallocating with the retail growth that we've got, organic and inorganic. And remember, we've done this concept before with – we haven't always done all of account things, but we do have something specific on CTP. So in a way, same sort of concept, we're looking at a whole lot of different ideas and structures here. But what we're looking for a sort of a Trans-Tasman commercial or intermediated type reinsurance cover is an idea of looking at some of the volatility, the unique volatility that business creates and a way of managing that and the overall profile of IAG. Thank you. And that hopefully dovetails nicely in my second question. Just back to reinsurance. Can you talk about maybe your quota share because there have been some questions around, are you getting full value from your quota share? But I mean, it sounds like you're  (00:41:41) further options. But can you in particular remind us about the structure of your quota share, are there any profit shares that could come on. And yeah, just how are you thinking about your main quota share and the performance you're getting out of that? Just as a concept and I'll ask William to come in. These large reinsurance arrangements, multi-year sort of the nature of them is that they're pretty much all have elements of profit share because there are over multi-years and the ability of reinsurers to reprice those deals doesn't exist. So they are set and they are set priced arrangements. And so essentially the profit share type concept for pretty much all of them in various forms is there to manage – is to manage that process through. So they all have elements of them and in fact, we like that. Now, remember, they all are genuine reinsurance. So it's not like it can go the other way where they're sort of top up additional premiums based upon experience, they are genuine risk transfer arrangements where we are capped. And that what you say is there's no subsequent losses. Quota shares are all gross. So they are in fact, they're uncapped even on limit, which is unusual as well. So the concept of profit shares, I know it's sometimes hard to see all the workings of them in our financials, but that concept exists for all our large multi-year arrangements that we have in place. And in fact, we like it because it's sort of sharing. We know what our downside is that's capped, but we don't – if the business outperforms our original expectations or we sort of manage it within a range, there is an element of profit share that comes back. So we should be pretty much expecting profit share from all our arrangements to a degree. William, you might want to come in on quota share? Yeah, that's right. So, I mean, we mentioned that the profit commissions, we expect they'll tend to be a feature of our results going forward. And there is a little bit of profit commission from that we booked this year from whole account quota share, I mean low tens of millions and we booked it conservatively. So there's no anticipation of the future value of the profit commissions there. But we do expect that, that will continue and indeed, it may grow from here. I mean, the truth is, particularly with Berkshire, which was 2015 quota share, we had some tough years after that. And so that sort of obviously a lot of that's been made good now. And so this topic is going to be an  interesting (00:44:28) feature over the next number of years, assuming we're sort of delivering at that 15% margin. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Julian Braganza from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking our questions. Just to follow on the discussion on the profit commissions. So to be clear, if you sort of set out the parameters as to how we should think about the – what it would take for this kind of AUD 85 million and the low tens of million for the whole of account quota share to reverse, what like just to contextualize just the risk that we see this unwind. And given that we're taking this benefit, we should be taking this benefit every year on an expected value basis going forward from what I understand. Thanks. Yep. I'll take that. Thanks, Julian. So in terms of reversal, I mean, if I take the two separately for the perils cover for that to reverse, we would have to think that perils are so bad in aggregate over the next four years that that we're consuming most of the layer, which I remind you is pre quota share is AUD 1 billion per year. Now obviously in that situation, Australia and New Zealand, a lot else is happening in the industry and with pricing and so on. So, but that's what that would take. So it would be quite an extreme scenario. And actually also on the whole of account quota share the modest amount that we have booked, again you'd need some quite – you'd need severe things happening, I mean, close to AUD 1 billion of adverse variance to be unwinding that. I mean we're sort of – I know it's hard to measure this from your point of view, but we've taken a very conservative position on this topic because we don't want to be in the situation you described  (00:46:46). We get that  (00:46:49) from our point of view would be more, not less, over the next five years on this topic. But within our sort of expectation, we haven't sort of guided that and we are not sort of forecasting that, but that would be our expectation. Okay. Got it. Thanks so much for that. And then maybe just a second question. In terms of the GWP growth guidance by division for next year, just to follow up on the previous discussion, if I look at the second half GWP growth trends, it doesn't look like there's much more pressure being factored in to FY 2026, particularly so for intermediated in Australia and also for New Zealand. So can I – just to understand, are you assuming the rate environment that you're getting on the second half persists into FY 2026 and no further deterioration? Is that how you're sort of pitching the guidance for FY 2026? Thanks. Yeah. I mean, maybe break that into two. Across our, just a good way to talk about it in Australia and New Zealand businesses. I mean we feel pretty good, Australia is definitely – there's rate that's flowing through that market and we would continue to expect to say that remembering again that we're at the small end, we've got WFI within that portfolio. That is not a large scale commercial book of business that is a well-diversified, typically at the smaller end of the commercial markets with quite a large regional representation through the WFI business, just remembering what it really is. And so because of that, we continue to see – we expect to see rate flow through that business in 2026. New Zealand, I mean we've  (00:48:30) that was minus a couple of percent in the last 12 months and we're sort of probably expecting something similar. I mean, that comes back to sort of a previous comment I made around how do we see New Zealand? I think New Zealand is retail volume and price growth and sort of the opposite really within our commercial business. And the net of that is sort of flat. That's kind of what we've said in guidance. Okay. Got it. And then just a last question for me on margins. And I know you sort of addressed this point in terms of into next year. But I just want to sort of dissect it by division. Just your view where the margins might move into 2026? Obviously, New Zealand Retail is very strong, could see some pressure there perhaps. But just want to get your view on where the pressure is coming from relative to second half 2025 from an underlying margin perspective? Yeah. Thanks. I mean, there's probably some ups and downs in there, isn't it? We're calling out a few things. New Zealand had a very strong result. I mean, the net of – the run rate of the business is sort of roughly guidance, isn't it, and sort of ups and downs within that story about sort of saying that if New Zealand comes back a bit, Jarrod and Julie will probably deliver a bit more, and the blend of that sort of comes out to a similar type of guidance. And the real key for us is also the organic growth. So that's – it's sort of the two things, isn't it, it's hang on to margin. I think our commercial businesses, it's not – is sort of the story that I said and hold that margin. Within Julie – within the sort of the retail businesses in Australia and New Zealand, I mean, I'm expecting them to have organic growth as well as price growth. And so that's – we put that slide up there on purpose to really guide the market, we want to be able to grow – organically grow those businesses and, of course, at the same time, we're supplementing our retail businesses in Australia with the RACQ and RAC and WA acquisitions. But  all of this is part of (00:50:31) this organic growth story. It's a really important part of the IAG story. We've got these wonderful retail brands and we should be growing them, at least, in line with the way the system is growing in Australia and New Zealand. Okay. No, that's clear. And just to clarify, so we should still be expecting margin expansion for Intermediated and also for Retail as well,  is that clear (00:50:51)? A little bit. I mean, it's sort of the counter to the comment on New Zealand, isn't it, proportion or remember to the size of the business versus size of the businesses in Australia. Great. Thanks so much for that. Thank you. Your next question comes from Freya Kong from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just on retail guidance for FY 2026 mid-single-digit. Should we think about this as an ambitious target? And is it consistent or higher than the exit growth run rate that you saw in FY 2025, which seemed to slow down a bit into year end? Thanks. Oh, I mean, so the first question, ambitious and what we're expecting there is price growth to flow through. Remember, this is motor, home and CTP partner business as well that – we expect that business to grow a little bit of volume in line with the market, so the customer growth as well as price, the blend of that story being sort of the inflationary pressure that we're seeing across our blended portfolio of the Australian Retail business. I mean, we – I see a bit of momentum in that business in the second half. There's a bit of growth. I feel comfortable with what we're doing around pricing. And as a theme, it's coming down inflationary pressures. But I'll use one example, Victorian motor, we know it's got some challenges and so there's sort of pricing reflecting not really inflation. It's actually a frequency question that's sort of – is we're having to think about in our portfolio. So there's always multiple stories here that are occurring within our businesses. The blend of that is that sort of mid-single-digit guidance that we're providing the market on that. And I don't – that's sort of a continuation of where we're at. Okay. That's clear. Thanks. And just quickly on the drag that you had this year from Coles was around 2 points on Retail. Yeah. Should we expect any more drag in FY 2026 or anything else that drag down headline group? I think this is like one or two months. Not much.   So tiny (00:53:02). I'm sorry about that.  I should have (00:53:04). So I think it's very, very modest impact in guidance for FY – yeah, in expectation in our financials for 2026. Okay. Thank you. And then just finally on – sorry to ask on the reinsurance profit commissions again. Yeah. But in terms of the conservatism that you're trying to reflect, so how should I think – are you booking it with a time delay or when you deliver good or in line results more immediately? I'm just trying to think of the timing around this. Time delay.  (00:53:35) we can't help, but the only way to really do that is, obviously, uncertain time is uncertainty, uncertainty is conservatism. I think that's the thing. Yeah. That's right. And I mean, no – what you don't want to do is advance booking. And as we look at it, we're looking hard, I mean, taking, going back to the earlier question, at risk of reversal as well. Yeah. Understood. I mean, this is a – I mean, there's a theme here on this topic. It's a positive for IAG and the outlook, because cost of all these protections that we have in place is factored into our 15%. And so, the volatility on the downside, we're sort of capping essentially. And what we haven't done is sort of what – sort of removed any of the sort of upside if we have better outcomes over the next number of years. And that's sort of the way this mechanism works. Can I just add, I mean, because I know we're getting a few questions about this. I mean, I – you should continue to see these reinsurance protections as something that improves... Yeah. ...the quality of earnings rather than is a – sort of worry about the volatility of the PC. And as I say, we're looking that mindful of it. And as I mentioned earlier, so as a result, it's pretty bad scenarios or severe scenarios where we wouldn't get that, and in those scenarios, other things are happening. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Siddharth Parameswaran from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Good morning, gentlemen. A couple of questions, if I can. I just wanted to check just your – on your guidance, Nick, on GWP growth into next year. I think you mentioned that both in IIA, you're expecting a little bit of that low-single-digit growth to come from units and volumes. And in New Zealand, I think you're still expecting, well, it sounds like flat volumes there and flat rate in aggregate. Is it fair to say that you're not covering inflation in those two markets? Both of those numbers seem like it'd be hard to cover inflation. Yeah. I mean, they're probably – I'd say, they're probably just slightly different stories, I think, between Australia and New Zealand. I'll probably generalize too much. I expect the retail business in New Zealand to be able to grow volume in line with the sort of the system and sort of a different view around state of the New Zealand economy. It's quite tough and sort of growth generally, and we're – that does factor into IAG. But I think the retail business in New Zealand to grow volume. And in NZI, I mean, maybe not,  I mean, maybe, I mean, (00:56:29) flat would probably be a good outcome, I think, right now for NZI. And so there's downward pressure on volumes,  (00:56:35), a little bit as part of that net neutral. Within Jarrod's business, within the Australian Intermediated business, that story, that's a bit different, I think. There's – we should work with where we're positioned, with what we're doing with WFI, some of the capability that we're deploying through the commercial platform that we're building and now deploying into the market. I would expect to see a little bit of volume growth and then addition to that price. And so that – a combination, and there's a bit of uncertainty on that volume growth, I definitely acknowledge that. But that's sort of where – there's a range of outcomes that we expect, all of them positive. And so to your question about pricing for inflation, we definitely will be doing that. We're not expecting – I mean, I think what that really saying is, are we expecting margins to go back, definitely not on those businesses. Okay. Fair enough. Okay. If I could just ask a question just on RACQ then. Just – I mean, obviously, it looks like some of the savings you targeted might come in from FY 2027 onwards. Just do you have any visibility on just the profitability of that business on an underlying basis as you would calculate it? Is that coming on similar to the group at around 15%? Yeah. I mean, we don't have the – the transaction hasn't completed yet. We expect that on the 1st of September. So, there are arrangements in place at the moment. RACQ is a competitor of ours in Queensland. So, there's certain things around that comment, obviously, that we have to be careful of. However, saying all that, all our approvals are pretty much done and so we're at the business end of that process where we expect that to come into IAG then. The initial synergies and opportunities around reinsurance, as we've talked about and the timing of that, we'll aim to get some of that within the IAG program at January 1 would be the plan. Assuming that we get September 1, there's obviously access to information and being able to be involved, and that's pretty important. And time is key there. I mean, we've said they're going to contribute to that 15% margin. We feel pretty confident about that. I'm not aware of anything, let me say this without sort of going into the detail. I'm not aware of anything of all the – we've obviously had a lot of contact with RACQ since we announced the deal that would cause us to think anything different than what we said when we announced the deal in November. And we're confident about the business we're buying, the way that's being run in this interim period, in this period where we don't have ownership. The financial contribution that's going to make to IAG, the sort of EPS comments and ROE comments that we made in November, we're only sort of more confident today than we were in November on all of those. But we probably shouldn't go – we won't go into any of the detail of the business, because at the moment, it's still not part of  IAG (00:59:33). Okay. Understand. Okay. Just the final question for me, just around the perils allowance. I think, Will, you had said last year that the allowance was, nine times out of 10 times, you expected to come in at or below the allowance. So just wondering just where are we at on that level of conservatism for 2026? I don't remember saying that, but the – we do set the peril allowance conservatively. But it's really – I mean, it is the budget for perils. And, I mean, this year you saw us consume most of the Australian allowance, although we had the benign experience in New Zealand. But the same – we've got the same settings for that coming into this year. I mean, and actually, I mean, it's moved by 2.6%, because that's also linked to where the attachment point is on the perils stop-loss. But that's also extremely close to our modeled view. Okay. Okay. I thought you had said, I think, that it was only one out of 10 years  that you'd breached the typical progress (01:00:45)? I think we might have been – no, I think we might have been talking about the perils protection layer in aggregate. Yeah. Sorry, not the allowance, but the actual – the full layer. Yeah. Once we had – I think the point is in there. Once we had the stop loss or the perils protection were put in place, that becomes – the likelihood of exceeding our budget becomes quite remote. I think that's the point. Yes, yes, that's right. Okay. Okay. Is it consistent or is it different to last year? No, consistent. Consistent to last year. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Your next question comes from Andrew Buncombe from Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just the first one is on the reserve releases. Just given the purchase, the adverse development cover for all long tail lines from January 2024, just a couple of small questions to help me think about it. I imagine all of those releases this year are actually on the front book, or am I missing something? Thanks. No, I mean, it's a combination. So, I mean, some of it's the more recent years. But some of it is the is older as well. Okay. So, if you've got an ADC for all long tail lines and passed all of those away, how are you getting releases on the old book? Sorry. Because the ADC gives us full – gives us comprehensive downside protection, but upside a bit like with the perils protection as well, upside comes to us. However, I mean, actually, just as a detail in the capital calculations, there's an adjustment to the excess  tech (01:02:39) provisions. So, actually, it sort of neutralizes the – as it were, the benefit of that full capital. I mean, it's only modest, but it's – that's how that works. Yep, that makes sense. And then, the other question, sorry to labor the point, but how should we be thinking about the perils allowance changing for FY 2026 once RACQ is closed? Thanks. Should we be assuming it goes in the same ratio on GWP or NEP? Thanks. We'll update you on that in more detail after it completes. But as we mentioned, we do envisage RACQ coming into our existing reinsurance arrangements. We'll obviously model it properly once we have – fully once we have all of the exposure data. But I'd expect it to be broadly proportional with our other Queensland exposures. Yeah, I wouldn't do it – I mean, sort of, I wouldn't  (01:03:46) AUD 17 billion, sort of as just – at a high level, because I think it will have to be much more – it'll still be more complicated than that. Unfortunately, property exposure, the nature of the geography in which we are insuring, it won't just be as simple as sort of the maths on what I just said as a high level. Yeah, I mean, how it aggregates with our existing exposures concentrations. And then, you've got the cyclone pool...   That's why we're just (01:04:12) part of that. Sorry. Sorry. That's part of the reason why we didn't do – we thought about that doing guidance  (01:04:18) in the detail on this topic, and then, this topic we want to make sure we're really clear on. So, it sort of made sense that we provide you what we've provided today. And then, obviously, once we own the business, we'll be able to model that out on exactly the portfolio that's coming in in September and we'll be able to update the market then based upon actually having access to all that information. We've got what we did as part of due diligence from almost a year ago now. But we want to update the market with the actuals. That was part of our thinking on guidance. That's why, it's very high level, what we've said around sort o of 10%-plus. Great. That's it from me. Thank you. I don't – just a comment, though. Just from talking to  RACQ kind of in the (01:04:58) the portfolios changed dramatically. There's a little bit of de-risking that's occurred, I know, on it, but only a little bit. And the size of the business  has sort of offset at least 1.3%, (01:05:08) I think it's slightly more than that. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nigel Pittaway from Citi. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Just first of all, maybe just coming back, sorry, to this impact of the acquisitions on margin. I mean, is it still your intention to absorb all the costs of acquisition within the margin? And therefore, isn't it reasonable to expect that to be marginally dilutive when it comes  on both? (01:05:38) I mean, so, Nigel, hi. Yeah, that's our plan. I mean, remember, the benefits of the reinsurance is that that sort of just becomes the new number and size, the sort of the cost is not – that's a sort of an immediate benefit. We bring that program in. I mean, I think you're talking more about the cost of the integration, the technology, the – I have been here a couple of years, these are sort of the integration. I mean, a feature of RACQ is that reinsurance is a big part of the value – synergy values sort of being created, that doesn't have that challenge. So then it's the cost side. I mean, across our business, we intend to put all of that above the line, within the margins. And within the way we've looked at all this and the opportunity and the value creation, that's going to be all within that 15%. I mean, some of the integration cost is system investment and integration. Some of that will be capitalized. That will come into margin, but to the extent it's capitalized, that would then be over a few years. Consistent with what we've done with other portfolio migrations. Yeah, so I mean, we want to run it like that. That's sort of the – to make sure we're really clear on how this plays out to investors. Yeah. Okay. Thank you for that. And then, secondly, just I mean, on the sort of unit momentum within Australia Direct, I mean, some of that seems be a bit of recovery in the renewal rates or maybe a small dip-down. So, first of all, is that correct? And then, secondly, how confident are you that now you've got these new enterprise systems in place that you can actually sort of start taking share off of some other competitors? I mean, a few thoughts. I mean, remember, we always talk net – net new customers. Of course, behind that is to be neutral, we've got new customers coming into IAG all the time, because we also have 90% retention. So, there's 10% of the portfolio that's turning anyway. That's why we use this term net. And to your point, the economics are here. If we can improve retention a couple of points and acquire a couple of points of net new business, you don't get 2 points, better you get 4 points better in the net position. And so that's a real focus obviously. The existing customers are super important  (01:08:13) new customers. And we're working on both. So, that's the – the way you described it is definitely right. I mean, enterprise – I mean, the Retail Enterprise Platform, we just sort of use that as a way of wrapping up whole lot of stuff that we've done within IAG, within the retail business. This is a common platform, Trans-Tasman policy admin, the claim systems all on Guidewire as well. We've got Earnix, a new pricing system that sits on top of that that we're consistently deploying across our retail personal lines businesses everywhere. That's a big package. And there's technology that's attached to that that sort of – our people can use and that's – makes it easy for that customer experience. There's sort of two parts to this, right? There's all of that which is great, which is just enhancing the capability of IAG. It's also the distraction to that point. So, where we're deploying capability across our company, we've had thousands of our people trained on it, and so that's in a way been challenge. We're a long way through that now. And so what that means is not only have we got the technology deployed, but the distraction of deploying it in portfolios is significantly reduced. And so what that means, it frees us up to grow. So, I think we're going to get a multiplier. At the same time, part of the retention has been that some of the material price that has had flowed through the industry, call it that, over the last couple of years, driven by inflation, perils, reinsurance costs, all of those things, that's definitely at an industry level coming down. I think that's helping with retention, too. And churn in the industry is slowing down. And so the sum of all of that gives us confidence on that sort of growth and momentum over the next year or so, where we sort of feel a lot more match fit to run our business, grow our retail businesses, compete in the market, at least hold – at least grow with system and potentially a little bit more. And that's sort of what we're trying to set out as the plans of IAG, supplemented by the RACQ and RACI acquisitions in Queensland and WA. That's kind of the story of IAG. Great. Thank you for that. And then, maybe just finally, on the alternative investment portfolio, I mean, I think when that was first set up, we were told to expect a return somewhere between the fixed income and equities return. And there's obviously not really delivered that in recent times. So what should we expect from this portfolio – I realize it's reasonably small, but what should we expect from this portfolio moving forward? Yes. Thanks, Nigel. Look, I mean, you should expect some returns in – probably close to some of the growth assets. But there are some things that we've been winding down. For example, we just – we've exited some convertibles that we had previously. I think there were some other alternatives that we exited. And the other thing, I mean, it is quite a small portfolio. And within it, we also record the value of our ventures fund, Firemark Ventures as well, which this year had a pretty small return. So that sort of dilutes it there. Okay. Thank you. I'm giving a wrap-up. I think we have no more questions online or in the room. So, let me just close with a few comments. I mean, sort of five years ago, we put in place a strategy to create a sort of a stronger and a more resilient IAG. And what we can see now, really seeing the benefits of all of that playing through. And we really feel well-positioned for this next phase of our future. And we got positive outcomes around sort of customer growth and real momentum there, and of course, supplemented by these two strategic alliance that are really going to help us continue to grow our business. At the same time, we got a strong balance sheet, and a really efficient capital platform that we're going to continue to work at. We're confident about the future and our ability to deliver a targeted margin and ROE of that 15%. And, of course, what that's doing, in our view, is balancing the interests of all of our stakeholders, and importantly, for our shareholders, all of you, strong, sustainable returns driven by stable margins with low volatility, real feature of us, capital efficiency that's improving our ROE. And, of course, what that does is provide organic capital generation within our business to fund our growth. Thanks again for joining us here today. Thank you. 
            