
            Management Discussion: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to International Airlines Group Full Year 2024 Results. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session through the phone lines and instructions will follow at that time. I would like to remind all participants that this call is being recorded. I will now hand over to Luis Gallego, Chief Executive Officer, to presentation. Please go ahead. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our full year 2024 results. As usual, I'm here with Nicholas Cadbury, our Chief Financial and Sustainability Officer, as well as other members of the IAG Management Committee. I'm going to start today by reminding you of the key elements of our investment case. Our fundamentals are very strong. We have a unique and strong core proposition. We have the best network in the world and the best hubs. Our brands in those hubs are incredibly strong; think Iberia in Madrid to Aer Lingus in Dublin. Our customer base is highly attractive; think BA in London. And we have propositions that bring together the markets, the brands and the hubs; think Vueling in Barcelona. We are also executing well. Our transformation program is delivering world-class margins through revenue growth and operations across the group. Transformation is also designed to make this a more resilient, sustainable business that can perform well through the cycle. And this is delivered by a talented team of over 74,000 employees around the world. When you put those two elements together, it means we are creating significant value for our shareholders. We are delivering sustainable earnings growth. We are delivering a strong free cash flow after investing in the business, and we are delivering significant cash returns to our shareholders. Our strategy is simple. Firstly, we want to make the core of the business stronger. We are getting even stronger in those attractive markets and hubs that I have just mentioned by adding destinations and frequencies and improving our schedules. And we are strengthening our portfolio of attractive brands through improving the offering and operations at each of our airlines. Secondly, we want to grow our asset-light, higher-margin businesses. IAG Loyalty continues to deliver very strong performance, expanding the ways it can create value, and it is now our third largest operating company by profit. We can also expand by leveraging our partnerships so our customers can fly on the vast network of flights globally. Thirdly, we want to ensure this is a business that can continue to offer its customers, employees and shareholders a long-term future financially and for society as aviation has a clear role to play in connecting people and businesses as well as providing jobs and economic growth. These strategic imperatives are designed to deliver sustainable, resilient profitability, as well as accretive growth. And we set some targets out at our Capital Markets Day in 2023 for what we wanted to achieve. Operating margins of between 12% and 15%, return on invested capital between 13% and 16%, and leverage of less than 1 point times through the cycle. So, if you look at those target – targets, you can see that our strategy is now very much delivering with a set of results that are the best in this company's history, €1 billion more than in 2018 on a pro forma basis. It is delivering for all of our stakeholders, but in particular for our shareholders. We grew revenue by 9% whilst growing operating profit by 27%. And we have achieved a 13.8% margin, securing return on invested capital of 17.3%. This is exceptional performance for any business. I am determined that this is not the peak, but the start of a more sustained level of profit.   Our (00:14:57) disciplined capital allocation framework means that we generated almost €3.6 billion of free cash flow after investing €2.8 billion in the business. Our balance sheet is strong, and Nicholas will tell you in a minute how we are going to maintain that strength. And we are rewarding our shareholders with an ordinary dividend that we intend to be sustainable through the cycle. With a share buyback program of €350 million that we announced in November and with confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable, strong free cash flow, we are pleased to announce the return of up to €1 billion of excess capital to our shareholders in up to the next 12 months. And I will now hand you over to Nicholas to take you through the numbers. Thank you, Luis, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be presenting our strong financial results for the year. This slide shows the key metric trends and demonstrates our delivery of a world-class performance through 2024. Revenue increased to €32 billion, driven by our strong networks brands, and we delivered an operating profit of €4.4 billion, up almost €1 billion. Our transformation program has secured a structural step up in operating margins to industry-leading 13.8%, which in turn helped us deliver significant free cash flow and adjusted earnings per share growth of just over 12%. We believe these metrics represent a best-in-class financial performance, not just in Europe  (00:16:31). Moving on to how our year-on-year operating profit growth was delivered. Increase was mainly delivered on the back of strong passenger revenue growth, reflecting the power of our hubs, improvements we are making in our networks and the investments in our customer proposition. On the right, you can see the impact of our transformation program around the group. British Airways delivered a post-pandemic profit catch-up that the other airlines had already achieved, and we secured further profit growth from our Spanish businesses. Likewise, IAG Loyalty continued – continues to deliver high-double digit margin and asset-light earnings growth. Now let's look at the performance of our operating companies in more detail. I'm very pleased that almost all of our businesses delivered world-class operating margins in their own right. Aer Lingus, despite this summer where it faced significant industrial action, as well as strong competition at its Dublin hub still delivered incredible financial performance with operating profit of €205 million and an operating margin of nearly 9%. British Airways profits increased 50% in the year to over £2 billion, and our operating margin increased by over 4 percentage points to 14.2%. This is helped by strong demand in the core North Atlantic market, coupled with the benefit we're delivering from this transformation program. Iberia built on the strong margin it achieved in 2023, delivering a 9% increase in profits. This was the first time in the history that it has generated over €1 billion in operating profit and it continues to sustain a high operating margin of 13.6%. Vueling's margins remained strong and best in class at over 12%, generating €400 million of profit. IAG Loyalty continues to deliver double-digit profit growth to achieve £420 million of profit. The Loyalty group now includes the BA Holiday business where we see tremendous growth potential in the future. Moving on to our regional performance in more detail. Overall, we saw strong demand and unit revenue in all of our core markets during 2024. We ended the year strongly with quarter four seeing this largest quarterly unit revenue increase of 2024 with a 6% increase. Now, on a full year basis, unit revenues across the group increased by 3.1%, helping to drive the overall revenue growth of 9%. North America is our largest, most profitable market, accounting for a third of our capacity, with unit revenue increasing by 6.2%. Quarter four was incredibly strong, with unit revenue increasing by 14%. Strong performance is widespread, however you measure it, with our main transatlantic airlines seeing unit revenue increases by double-digit percentages. Europe continues to be our best perform – one of our best-performing market with high-single digit revenue growth. Quarter four was again strong, with British Airways and Aer Lingus in particular. Aer Lingus extended the seasonality of some of its strongly performing leisure routes, and British Airways saw good growth in both business and leisure traffic. Latin America and the Caribbean is our third biggest market, accounting for 20% of our capacity. Unit revenue fell by just over 2% during the year. And in the context of a 12% capacity growth, this shows the strong demand for our offering in the region. Iberia continues to drive most of the capacity increase in this region, and routes to Mexico were particularly strong for both Iberia and British Airways. Africa, Middle East and South Asia turned positive in quarter four as we started to cycle over the Middle East conflict. And Asia Pacific is our smallest market and is the only market that hasn't recovered to pre-pandemic capacity with capacity of 27% as we started flying Madrid to Tokyo with Iberia and resumed flights to Bangkok with British Airways. So, overall, we saw strong demand, particularly across our core markets, and we're continuing to see – which we are continuing to see, although still early in the year. And we plan to grow capacity around 3% in 2025, again focusing on our core markets. Our margins are supported by our cost transformation program. Our total non-fuel unit cost increased by 2.6% in 2024, slightly higher than our previous guidance, driven by a larger-than-expected negative FX impact in quarter four. Our employee unit costs increased just over 7%, driven by pay deals, investments in resilient FX, and I'm pleased to say performance-related pay linked to our financial – strong financial results. Supplier unit costs reduced as our transformation initiatives offset general inflation pressures and costs increasing related to customer experience and IT investment. Unit cost increase represented new aircraft deliveries and investments in our operations and fleet. For 2025, we expect similar trend on overall unit cost together with additional foreign exchange translation  (00:21:49). This shows our financial results at the net profit level. Profit after tax and exceptional items was €2.6 billion. There are three things I just wanted to highlight here. Firstly, our net interest costs reduced by €200 million in 2024, mainly due to the lower gross debt, resulting from the early repayment in the second half 2023 of expensive government-supported debt. Secondly, we recognized an exceptional charge of €160 million relating to the employee restructuring in Iberia's ground handling subsidiary, and then an exceptional charge of €50 million to terminate the agreement to acquire the remaining 80% of  AEH (00:22:29). And lastly, our P&L charge normalized – tax charge normalized in 2024, an effective rate of 23% as compared to a rate of 13% in 2023, which was reduced by the recognition of prior year tax losses, notably from the group's Spanish subsidiaries. Ultimately, we're a business that generates significant free cash flow in a robust trading environment that we are currently enjoying. During 2024, we generated just over €6.4 billion of net cash from operating activities, an increase of almost €1.8 billion. This allowed us to invest €2.8 billion into the business. For 2025, we expect to continue to generate significant free cash flow, but at a lower level than in 2024 due to two specific things. Firstly, whilst we are confident in our legal position, we are required to pay €557 million of VAT to HMRC, the years going back to 2018, pending the outcome of a legal appeal in respect of our Loyalty business that we disclosed last year. Secondly, we expect CapEx to step up to around €3.7 billion as we take delivery of more aircraft and continue to invest in our business as we execute our long-term strategy. Turning now to our balance sheet performance. I'm pleased that our balance sheet continues to strengthen with a reduction not only in net debt, but also our gross and net leverage. Our net debt reduced by over €1.7 billion compared to last year and is down almost €3 billion compared to December 2022. Our gross and net leverage reduced to 2.5 times and 1.1 times, respectively. This is well below our net leverage target of 1.8 times. We do want to further reduce our gross leverage to give us more resilience, a process we began last month with the buyback of €577 million of our 2027 and 2029 senior unsecured IAG bonds. We also intend to redeem over €500 million of our 2025 IAG bond next month and keep around two-thirds of the 2026 expected aircraft deliveries this year unencumbered. This page – this slide shows our maturity of our non-aircraft debt. You can see the impact of the bond buybacks that we've just done, and that once we redeem our 2025 bond for cash, we'll have almost no non-lease debt to repay until 2027. As a reminder, ensuring the business is appropriately invested, it is the priority for us. This slide shows our updated CapEx guidance for the year and 2027 – for 2026. And starting with last year, CapEx came in a little lower than the €3.1 billion we previously expected. This was driven by the reprofiling of pre-delivery payments for future aircraft deliveries and supply chain constraints, which delayed our onboard cabin retrofits and property maintenance programs. Looking forward, we expect to take on 26 new aircraft deliveries this year, 14 short-haul aircraft, 2 widebody long-haul aircraft, and 10 A321XLRs. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to spend about €3.7 billion on CapEx and around the same in 2026. As a reminder, this is our gross CapEx expenditure before sale and leaseback transaction. And finally for me, I want to remind you about how we think about our capital allocation, which is core to creating value for our shareholders. Our first priority is to  maintain (00:26:10) our balance sheet strength, targeting net leverage below 1.8 times through the cycle, which is a proxy for investment-grade status. Our second priority is to invest in the long-term strength of the business with a focus on rebuilding our fleet, improving our customer experience and enhancing our digital capabilities, and advancing the sustainability agenda. And of course, we are committed to sustainable shareholder returns, firstly through ordinary dividends, which has been set to a sustainable level throughout the cycle, which will total €435 million by 2024; and secondly, by returning excess cash to shareholders when our net leverage is below 1.2 times to 1.5 times, depending on commitments in the outlook. We started to do this with a €350 million buyback program last year. And as Luis mentioned earlier, pleased that given our cash flow profile and confidence in the outlook, we can confirm this commitment by an intention to return an additional €1 billion excess cash over the next 12 months. And on that positive note, I will now hand back to Luis. Thank you, Nicholas. We showed you a version of this slide last year, highlighting the main drivers of value creation over the next couple of years. And we are delivering on those initiatives. British Airways is making good progress in its plan to deliver our 15% margin in 2027 with a very strong year in 2024. This has been delivered as it improved its customer proposition and operational efficiency. Our Spanish businesses have grown their profits and maintained their profitability and are close to their €1.5 billion ambition. We will tell you more about this in the Insight Day that we are going to have in Madrid in June, which with the IR team is going to confirm in due course. And IAG Loyalty goes from strength to strength, growing by just over 14% this year to deliver profit of £120 million. And we have our ambition to continue to grow this business at over 10% per annum. So I will now spend a few minutes on each of our strategic imperatives. Our first priority is to grow our portfolio of global leadership positions. In the North Atlantic, we have a leading position. Alongside our joint business partners, we operate around 150 flights every day across the North Atlantic, and we have a 58% share from the US to London. We continue to invest in this core market. BA is consolidating its network, although constrained by aircraft availability and delivery schedules. And we are excited by the opportunity to increase North Atlantic profitability of Iberia and Aer Lingus as we introduce the A321 extra long-range aircraft, which give us the ability to manage frequencies, seasonality or the mix of widebody versus narrowbody. We are equally excited about the Latin America market. As you will have heard many people say, Madrid is the new Miami with increasing investment in Spain from wealthy Latin Americans, while Spain itself is one of the best-performing economies in Europe. Iberia is increasing its market share of the traffic in this market and benefiting from the strong demand. Our third core market is intra-Europe with a particular focus on Spain. Spain is the biggest domestic market in Europe, and the UK to Spain corridor is the biggest international market, and we have very strong positions in both. Part of our short-haul traffic represents connecting flights, and the remainder is operated by our efficient, low-cost airlines such as Vueling or Iberia Express, which are amongst the most profitable in Europe. An airline that runs a robust operation is a more efficient and profitable one. It was a core function of the improvement in profitability at British Airways this year, where they increased their on-time performance by 12 percentage points. This was a direct result of the investment in the teams at Heathrow, alongside investment in technology at our global operations center, and as some of you know when you visited BA last year. Aer Lingus also improved its OTP significantly by 7 percentage points. This was through the optimization of processes around scheduling, planning and ground handling, as well as operational responsiveness. With Iberia and Vueling, we operate two of the most punctual airlines in the world, despite the ongoing challenges of European ATC. Moving on to how we are investing in making our customer journeys and experiences better. We are investing in new aircraft such as the A321XLR, which have the latest products on board, and we are retrofitting older aircraft with new  seats (00:31:16) and technology. We continue to train our people to deliver the levels of service that our customers demand. In particular, we are supporting them with the tools to do that, for example, through the Connected Crew system that fix potential issues before the passenger is even aware they exist. We are updating our lounges throughout the network at Aer Lingus, BA and Iberia in places like New York, Boston and Singapore, with more to come. And technology is a fundamental driver of improving the journey with investment in apps, websites, disruptions, self-service and always-on digital travel assistance. We have mentioned before, transformation is at the heart of everything we do to make our business more competitive, more resilient and more efficient. We are doing it all the time, everywhere. Much of what I have already described is included in our transformation such as investing in our operations, fleet and our customers. On this slide, we are highlighting some of the initiatives that will become part of our longer-term differentiators. One key area where all of our airlines are improving is in the way that they retail their offerings, leading to revenue benefits and cost savings. British Airways will lead us into the next generation of airline retail platforms with new revenue management and commercial platforms as well as app and website upgrades. And both Aer Lingus and Iberia are leveraging their new distribution capability to drive better content and distribution. Across all our airlines, we are using machine learning and AI to drive cost and efficiency. For example, Vueling's scheduling, maintenance and automation of reporting. Coming now to IAG Loyalty. This is the biggest driver of capital-light earnings growth in the group. This has almost doubled its profit since 2019 and grew by over 40% last year. They are focused on increasing loyalty to our own and partner airlines, including new partnerships with Finnair and Loganair in the last 12 months, as well as creating value for non-airline partners like Amex, or recently Revolut or Royal Caribbean. Last year we moved BA Holidays to Loyalty. Currently, only 5% of BA club members book BA Holidays. But these customers represent almost 80% of BA Holidays' bookings, and only around 20% of those bookings use any Avios. We forecast that a 10% increase in BA club members booking a BA Holiday will double revenues. This is a huge opportunity for us and for our customers. Our people are critical to our success. Last year, we recruited over 12,000 people across the group, showing the power of our brands. Specifically, we have pilot academies operating at Aer Lingus, BA and Iberia as we ensure that the next generation is being trained in these important roles. An equal opportunity is important to us across all jobs and jurisdiction and we continue to target having 40% women in senior leadership roles. In terms of looking after our people, we are working towards longer-term, mutually beneficial agreements which will depend on their own roles and functions. We continue to make good progress with our sustainability initiatives. Our main focus is to ensure that we are well placed to meet regulatory mandates. We continue to put in place firm contractual commitments for sustainable aviation fuel, which differentiates us from most other airlines. As a result, 1.9% of the fuel used in 2024 was SAF, meaning we are very well placed for a 2% mandate in both the UK and EU in 2025. We have also beaten our 2025 target of carbon intensity with 78.1 grams CO2 per passenger kilometer versus our 80-gram target. So, bringing these all together, we are very focused on creating value for our shareholders. We have the right strategy and business model to drive sustainable earnings growth, supported by our transformation program. We are and will continue to generate significant free cash flow and we are committed to returning cash to our shareholders, firstly and sustainably through an ordinary dividend, and then we will return excess cash to our shareholders. And on that note, I will open the meeting to questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session.  Your first question comes from the line of James Hollins from BNP Paribas. Your line is open. Thanks very much. Two questions, please. I don't know if Sean is on. If he is, this will be for him. I was just wondering, on the loyalty scheme changes, whether there have been any sort of sign of a customer negative reaction or indeed positive reaction or whether all the negativity is really a sign to just the loyalty points websites that are getting their knickers in a twist. And if Sean is on, maybe can I get bit more of an update on the BA rollout of the new app and website, I think, during Q1 and I think the revenue management system? And then secondly, probably for you, Luis, I think I saw some comments on your business travel trend or outlook, and they looked fairly bearish of course. But maybe you could just, in this forum, give us your view on – your views on business travel. Thanks very much. Yeah. It's Sean here. Let me start with loyalty. Fair to say we haven't seen any change in travel patterns or behavior from our executive hub since we rolled it out. I think it's tracking very much in line with the rest of world intake. And I think we've been communicating exactly how the program works. And I think the more people are learning about the spend-based earn program and the additional ways in which they can earn tier, I think the more positively it's being received. If we look at digital and technology, we are actually having about 65% of our routes now are booking through, what we call, the new  bookingstore.com (00:37:54) and we're very encouraged by the user experience there. We also have a beta version of the app that we're testing with a closed user group at the minute. Again, the performance is very encouraging, and our expectation would be to roll the app out when it's fully functional in Q2, but we're just finalizing the date. But again, very encouraged by the beta trials of the app. In terms of new rev man system, that will come in in the middle of the year. So that's on track. But we haven't been testing obviously the technology yet because we're still working off our old  LTS (00:38:30) system. So yeah, the transformation of the digital experience is really gaining traction. And in regards to business demand, continue improving during 2024. At group level, we reached 74% of the volume that we have in 2019, 86% of the revenues. So that's an improvement in volume of 3 points in comparison with 2023, and 6 points in revenue if we compare with 2023. I think that the performance is different in the different airlines, but we see that finance, including banking, accounting and consultancy, for example, they are coming back to fly earlier. And also IT and tech, they are having a very good performance. So as I said, if we look at the Q4, for example, BA volume was 66% and revenue 82%; Iberia volume 84% and revenue 108%; and Aer Lingus volume 105% and revenue 100%. So, you can see the differences between the different airlines. In the case of Iberia, primarily it was the LATAM flows to Europe that were supporting this growth. In fact, there not only in revenue, but also in volumes, we are already 6% ahead of 2019 and 25% ahead in revenue 2019.   Your next question is from the line of Alex Irving from Bernstein. Your line is open. Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. Two for me, please. First one is a bit of a follow-up. On Nevio, you've clearly had another couple of months in thinking and planning here. Could you please update us on your expectations for the RASK impact of this new retailing platform? Related to that, Luis, you mentioned BA leading the airlines into this new world. Could we therefore infer that Iberia and Aer Lingus may also see a revenue impact going forward? Second question is on the engines and certainly managing through with the Trent 1000s. You've essentially been backfilling as best you can from other planes. How much longer can you keep doing this until those planes or those types of maintenance events? More broadly, are the Trent 1000s getting any better? Thank you. Hi. Alex, it was quite hard to hear you. I think the question you asked was about the RASK and just kind of what the impact of some of the technology changes was. I think that's what it was. We're not being specific about – we're not giving guidance on RASK today, we're not giving guidance about  what (00:41:16) individual ones. We are still very confident on the recovery, the buildup of BA margin back to 15%? Yeah. I think on – there are two phases. Obviously, one is to get the digital platform modernized, which is what we're working on imminently. The second then is to move to what we call shop order retailing, which is where the Nevio  build (00:41:36) on top of that platform comes. So that would be phase two. And as Nicholas said, it's captured in our 15% commitment. But we're not necessarily driving that capability as we speak. And then about the Trent engines, we continue to work very closely with Rolls to improve the engine supply. As you know, we need to adjust the capacity in British Airways. We are working in order to maximize the availability of the aircraft and to have more predictability. We know that we are going to have a durability enhancement package very soon that we hope is going to double the  time on wind (00:42:21). We will have a second phase of this in 2026 that I think is going to be very positive for our business. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Harry Gowers from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Yeah. Good morning, everyone. First question  (00:42:40). I just want to know, what do you think the true potential for this business over the next few years if we assume  (00:42:55) forecast  (00:42:59) because it looks like  (00:43:00) coming to pass, though, for the next few years at the current run rate. And then the second question on transatlantic. There was  (00:43:06) at the moment  (00:43:09) US carriers. With  (00:43:12) this year, can you confirm there may be  (00:43:16) to the market at that point, in particular UK to US? Thanks. It sounds like you're on a motorbike.  (00:43:28). Just in terms of margins, we just delivered really good margins at 13.8%, up nearly 2% year-on- year. And this is in the top half of where we – our guidance of 12%-15% range that we announced just a year ago and  (00:43:44) overall. We've given that guidance of 12%, 13%. We're not giving guidance for the specific year as well and we're going to keep with that guidance at the moment. I mean, if you look at the individual businesses, with British Airways, we are confident of getting to the 15% we put  (00:44:00) for 2027. We've got a little bit ahead of ourselves. I think we've had a good year as well, but I think 2027 is still a good glide path given kind of what we're going to do this year. Iberia delivered 13.6% and Vueling 12.3%. So they're already at good margins overall. And Aer Lingus, just under 9%. You should see recovery back towards the middle of the range just with disruptions this year. And Loyalty, we're going to drive double-digit margin, should be growing about 10% per year. So, we still see – we achieved good margins this year. There should be some upside to that overall, but at least, we should be able to stay where we are with some earnings growth from there. But we're not going to give kind of additional guidance from what we've given already. And then just on the transatlantic, you're right, we've seen very strong transatlantic growth. You saw kind of ASKs were fairly flat in Q4, but up – PRASK was up 14% overall. As we said, we saw  obviously (00:45:02) one of our airlines was growing its PRASK over the quarter, British Airways to the new airline, LEVEL, as well. So really good performance there. I think you're likely to see kind of strong performance continue in the Atlantic into Q1 as well. And that's partly because we just had a soft – if you look at  (00:45:20) Q4 and Q1 2024, we had kind of slightly soft comparatives overall. I think you're likely to see strong comparatives overall. I think that will kind of soften as you go through the year. But I think you will still see strong demand overall. Your next question comes from line of Stephen Furlong of Davy. Your line is open. Yes. Good morning. Okay. I was going to ask about BA margins and trends, but let me just circle back and ask something different. Okay. In – first thing, Ukraine, if something happens there positively, I mean, what – do you think the market or you will – the network in the next 18 months will change in any way? I'm thinking some pivot towards Asia, although I fully understand it's not your core. Second question, maybe Luis could talk about inorganic opportunities are generally about consolidating the market. I'm thinking about TAF or just a general discussion on that. Thank you. Yes, good morning. So Ukraine, if there is a solution soon, I think we will have an impact in two areas. One is the ATC because you know that's because of the closure of aerospace, ATC is more difficult. And last time it was the second worst ever summer in terms of ATC. And I think  peace (00:46:54) can help. And the second impact is the network that you said. So we are not flying over Russia because of that. We are canceling some of the flights because it doesn't make sense to compete with people that they can do the flights with two or three hours less. So as soon as aerospace is open, we will reconsider to fly again. We need to do an analysis of safety because it's not only fly over Russia. It's in case you have a problem over Russia and you need to land there, for example, what are you going to do? So we will do an analysis of the situation. And then we will try to resume the operation, but taking into consideration the lack of aircraft that we have now in the market. So we will give priority to the markets where we want to expand before. And about the inorganic development, TAP in particular, we are following the process with the Portuguese government. It looks like in March, maybe we are going to have their conditions of privatization. And when we will have that, we will take our decision. We always say that these are an interesting airline for the group as I think we can improve the performance of the airline and the airline can help the group to have more presence in markets for example, like Brazil, where we don't have a lot of capacity. But we need to see the conditions and the freedom. We can help to manage the company because in order to have the margins that we are having in the group, between 12% and 15% is because we do the right things that we have to do in different airlines. So, I think in maybe six weeks, we will have a more clear idea. Your next question comes the line of Savi Syth of Raymond James. Your line is open. Hey, good morning, everyone. Just for my first question, I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more detail on that 26 aircraft you're expecting this year, just kind of what times and generally, when you're expecting those across the quarters. And then second question is just on around the MRO purchase at Gatwick, what does that do to your capacity to do maintenance in-house and any kind of potential contributions to costs there? So just  (00:49:37) 26 aircraft, we just said, we've got 2 widebody aircraft coming in, one for Iberia and one for British Airways. Overall,  (00:49:50) 10 A321XLRs going to Aer Lingus and Iberia, and the rest of the delivery are all kind of narrowbodies coming in. And they are coming in pretty at phase across the years. We'll always be trying to squeeze them before the summer as well. Yeah, in relation to Gatwick, we have 26 short- haul planes at Gatwick and about 12 long-hauls. So, I think the ability to do more on-site maintenance is very attractive. It will stop us  (00:50:19) flights between Heathrow and Gatwick, so there's an immediate cost saving there. It also will give us the capacity to do more winter maintenance across our short-haul program and improve summer utilization and also do more base maintenance on our 777 fleet. And I think generally what we found over the last few years is having more resilience on our MRO and maintenance functions is a real strategic advantage. So we were very fairly happy to be able to complete the transaction. Thanks. Appreciate it. Your next question comes from the line of Jaime Rowbotham from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Morning, all. Two from me. So, where you talked about unit cost in 2025, Nicholas, you say the inflation will be weighted to the first half. Could you talk a bit about the magnitude of that shift and what the main reasons are for it, please? And then secondly, is there anything to say on ownership and control. I'm conscious that Ryanair are flirting with removing the purchase of shares by non-EU, and think that might allow for their re-inclusion in certain global indices. Obviously, there aren't any restrictions at IAG at the moment, but you are, I believe, still excluded because of foreign ownership limitation rules from being included in some of those indices. Is there anything to say there, please? Thanks. Yeah. So, just last one first.  (00:51:44) no new news on it as well. I'm not kind of aware of kind of any kind of indices that we're excluded from at the moment. But if anything, just with the dividend and the share buyback, we've probably gone into more indices than we've ever been or have been in the last five years anyway because we've started going  (00:52:02) some indices overall, which is good news as well. Just in terms of unit cost for 2025, the kind of guidance we've given is a similar sort of trend overall, but not by individual component, but overall for 2025, so – because you're going to see 2%, 2.5% overall. But we have got some FX headwinds as well. So that's an additional  (00:52:25) for any cancellations. So you'll get the benefit of all of those in the revenue as well as unit cost – unit revenue as well. So we think it will be weighted towards the half. Well, we haven't kind of given kind of guidance on that. But that is really towards  (00:52:40) about resilience for the summer. We're assuming that a lot of the kind of external environment is fairly similar to where it was last year. But you should see – but you'll see it quite heavily weighted towards Q1 and Q2. Thanks. Your next question comes from line of Muneeba Kayani from Bank of America. Your line is open. Good morning. So just on free cash flow then, if we take the €3.6 billion in 2024 CapEx, up by €1 billion, and then the tax charge, so well over €2 billion is how we should think about your free cash flow outlook for 2025? If you can just talk us through the moving parts there. And then you've talked about the demand environment. With BA Holidays, kind of what are you seeing since you – probably, you have a bit more visibility there? What are the trends there through the year and what's the competitive environment for BA Holidays? Thank you. Yeah. So, free cash flow, we generated kind of €3.5 billion free cash flow that's after CapEx this year, good result as well. And then if we call that  two things (00:53:57). You expect to see about €1 billion extra of  that CapEx (00:43:48) going through this year. So we're hoping to spend €3.7 billion CapEx at the end according to – if all the aircraft delivered on time, overall. And then we just called out the kind of VAT with Loyalty, which we spent another €500 million. So they are the two kind of moving parts overall.   (00:44:09). Sure. Hi, it's Adam here. Just on the BA Holiday side, in terms of 2024, we had a strong 2024. Revenue is up 13%. Passengers, about the same. And strong both in the short-haul business on the beat and also on our classical long-haul businesses to the Caribbean, Indian Ocean. So, if you look for 2025 and how we're looking to 2025, again, bookings look strong. We're seeing a good go forward on short-haul beach again, so places like Greece, the Canaries are particularly strong. And we're booked about 60% of – for the whole of 2025. So growing so far, particularly in premium, actually. Probably the biggest strength we're seeing is in premium bookings. Your next question comes from the line of Jarrod Castle from UBS. Your line is open. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to maybe just get your view on kind of what seems to be a debate, both in parliament and the press around Gatwick versus Heathrow runway extension. So just how you see that and feasibility and timeframe. And then secondly, just in terms of the capacity growth that you've given, the 3% and 2% to 4%, I guess, over the medium-term per annum. Can you give any kind of indications in terms of split across the operating companies, how you see that and how you size capacity in general? Is there a limit, for instance in terms of fleet deliveries  (00:45:56)? So, about Gatwick and Heathrow, I think we support the expansion of both airports, but we always say, if we do it in an affordable and sustainable way. So in the case of Gatwick, we support that their northern runway can be in use in a good, further development of the airport. But in any case, Gatwick is not a hub and we need the development in Heathrow. So about Heathrow expansion, also, we support ambition of the government for growth, but it cannot be done with a regulatory model that we have in place now. And that's the reason we are pushing to have a review of the situation that we have now because with the government conditions, we cannot afford the investment that is needed to develop the new runway. But in both cases, I think if we do it again in a affordable and sustainable way, it will be good for UK and the development of the economy. And about capacity, if we look at the increasing capacity for 2025 by airline, BA is around 2%, 2.5%; Iberia around 4%; Vueling 4%, 4.5%; Aer Lingus 7%; and LEVEL, with a lower base, 14%. And we look at the different regions, domestic around 4%, Europe 3% North Atlantic 3%, LATAM 4.5%, Asia Pacific 5%. So long haul is around 70% of the growth and short-haul is 30%. Yeah. Just, Jarrod, there's a page on 36, at the back of the presentation, which just shows you sort of the allocation by airline. Just touching on capacity, we kind of said 2% to 4% overall. That's not far off what we said at the Capital Market Day. We said at the Capital Market Day, it was 4% to 5%, but that included 2024, which was a high level of growth  (00:48:13). So if you think about how as we concluded from the first 3% to 4% to 2% to 4%. So we'll only see slightly moderate  (00:48:20). I think the key thing for us overall is that we're focused on total revenue, not capacity growth overall. And the capacity is due to delays of aircraft, which is the whole world is seeing that. So, we're not alone on that. Hence, we're seeing more focus on total revenue. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lobbenberg from Barclays. Your line is open. Hi there. Can I ask what your expectations are on the 777X deliveries? I appreciate you're not  (00:48:54) customer. And then the second question will be around Alliance partnership, away from the JV. Any prospects of building and strengthen the partnerships with someone to play with in Latin America? And also just the proposed Qatar acquisition of Virgin Australia bring any opportunities for you, notwithstanding the potential conflict with Qantas's oneworld membership? Thanks. The first  (00:49:24) we have said the first one in 2027. You know that we are not Alliance customers, but Boeing is still  (00:49:35) the program, but we have said they have – to have the first one on them. And about the partnership, yes, after abandoning the Europe operations, we are considering different scenarios that we can have and different partnerships. We have strong partners in LATAM, and for example, with LATAM that we have a joint business in Peru and Ecuador. And we are looking at other ways to develop this partnership. There are also other opportunities with oneworld members and other opportunities in North America that we are considering in order to reinforce our network there. But we are working on it and we will inform in due course. Your next question comes from the line of Conor Dwyer from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Thank you very much. First question is on slide 25, highlighted RCL in the deal in terms of being able to earn Avios. I'm wondering, is that kind of a similar offering in terms of they can just offer their customers that, but also if there would ever be kind of potential for BA Holidays to do something with them and kind of improve that relationship. And then secondly was just around in the demand in the back of the cabin. I remember late last year, a couple of operators are calling out slightly weaker demand, particularly in the Atlantic and that part of the cabin. Is that something you're still seeing or if you were seeing it and what are the kind of trends you are overall seeing in premium versus economy? Thanks very much. Yeah. In terms of the Royal Caribbean, it's Adam here, yes, that is a relationship that we've started this year in terms of being able to book on the Royal Caribbean site and get Avios for it. We've seen a good take up. And due to the average spend of a cruise, that means you get a lot of Avios if you book it. In terms of linking it to BA Holidays and thinking about BA Holidays selling cruises, is that something that we're thinking about considering? We are in the middle of a re-platforming with British Airways in terms of British Airways Holidays and the technology. We certainly need to do that first before we look at that. But certainly extending the capability of BA Holidays into other segments is something that we're having a look at and is part of what we think could be the growth plan moving forward. And about later demand, I think 2024, we saw an increase in volume in comparison with 2023 of 6.4 – 6.5%, sorry. And if we look at the revenue of 9%, so it's still very strong. Premium leisure, it's continuing – continues having a very strong performance across all of our airlines, and we don't see any change in the booking trend. We saw load factoring in  (00:52:40) in the book  (00:52:42). Yeah. Your next question comes from the line of Guilherme Sampaio from CaixaBank. Your line is open. Hello. Thank you for taking my question. This is Guilherme. The first one, on the ongoing capital increase in Air Europa and the potential entry of new shareholders. How this could impact your decision to maintain the current stake in the company and the overall relationship with Air Europa and the LATAM market position? And the second, if you could build on your expectations for FX. So you mentioned the 2 percentage points impact in terms of cost. What could be the consistent impact in terms of unit revenues? Thanks.   (00:53:30) first question. Air Europa, as you know, we abandoned the operation because of  revenues (00:53:36) that Europe was asking. We decided to maintain 20% of the company because it's a financial investment and even we went to the capital increase that they did. In case they have a new partner, we will consider how – what we are going to do with our financial investment. In any case it's a financial investment, we are not involved in any – in anything related with the company and the management. So we need to take a financial decision that we will take what is needed. Your second question about FX. We called out that FX is impacting our non-fuel cost by about 2%. It is mainly translation, so kind of depends on the euro particularly. So it will – so you kind of get almost an equal impact on the revenue as well. So it will be neutral. Your next question comes from the line of Ruairi Cullinane from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Yes, good morning. You touched on the supply cost of those, particularly impressive decline in selling costs in Q4. So if you  (00:54:54) in that help us think where that goes from here. Secondly, yeah, just the second BA Holidays. Has there actually been a pickup in bookings as a result of the Loyalty overhaul? I wasn't clear on that. Didn't really get the first question.  (00:55:14) cost. Just selling costs. Selling costs  (00:55:18) quite a  (00:55:20) decline in Q4. Yeah, our selling costs are coming down. The general trend across the businesses is they are coming down as  (00:55:27) as we're kind of moving more towards direct sales overall. Yeah. In terms of the BA Holiday question, it's early days, but we are seeing some evidence that Executive Club bookings are increasing on the back of the changes we've find. And if we're looking at where those are, they are particularly in short-haul beach in premium, and that's probably where you would expect it to be if you're thinking about getting – trying to attain air space or retain air space. So I think early days, but some signs that we are seeing some customers take advantage of that opportunity. Your next question comes from the line of Jaina Mistry from Jefferies. Your line is open. Hi, it's Jaina Mistry. And I wanted to double click on BA margin with two questions. You've obviously hit 14% this year. The target is 15% in two years' time. I guess the question is, do you see upside your target at this stage? Or do you see quite a slow slide path from 14% to 15%? And what's driving that? Where's the reinvestment coming the next two years? And then the second question is a bit backward looking. So your BA margins grew 4 percentage points last year. How much of this was a post-pandemic catch up versus self-help opportunities that came to fruition? Thank you. Yeah. So the margins in BA kind of got back to where they were originally. So there is a bit of a catch up. But it's not just a catch up; it's a transformation of the business that we've done, mostly in kind of efficiency in the cost base and the  (00:57:20) in the business and it's all  (00:57:22), so. Just in terms of the margins for BA, it was only in November kind of  (00:57:27) once again. And we put the target out of 15% overall. So I think you've got to think about we've got a good glide path to get there for 2027 overall. I don't think – I know – you may think it's a slow increase, but actually, 15% margin would be the best performing airline in the world from a margin point of view this year overall. No, again, I think the recent performance, I think, gives us confidence on hitting that target by 2027. I think a couple of levers of value that we will mature over the next couple of years would be, one, probably having a bit more mix of long-haul compared to short-haul because we're still a bit lower than we were in 2019. So I think the performance is strong in that context. And two is the transformation initiatives that we have maturing as well, whether it's the digital experience, the investments in technology and the improvement in operational and customer metrics. I think there is more momentum from – on those levers, which is what led us to the margin commitment by 2027. And just to go back to the second question which was how much of it is post-pandemic catch up versus transformation opportunities that have come in? Would you be able to segment it and say whether half was a catch up and half was self-help? Not really. They were quite different.  Anyway (00:58:53) I think there are so many moving parts, but a lot of it is the transformation, I think. Yeah, I think the business was 4% smaller than 2019 but delivered higher profits in 2019. So that tells you that transformation was playing a significant role in the performance this year. Operator? Your next question comes from the line of Johannes Braun from Stifel. Your line is open. Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Coming back on the 14% unit revenue performance on the transatlantic in Q4, I was wondering, can you give us the currency impact given the strong US dollar and also what the impact from higher load factor was, just to get the underlying pricing performance? So I guess what I'm looking for is an ex-currency yield number. And secondly, free cash flow was €3.6 billion. So for the ordinary dividends, you need, I think, less than €500 million. And you announced the €1 billion share buyback. So that still means more than €2 billion is left. And question would be what will you do with all the cash left? Will that be held back for any potential M&A? Or how do you think about spending the cash? I'm afraid to say that we – we're not going to break down our – give out any more details than we've given. You've given 14%  (01:00:19). So, really, we don't go into kind of  (01:00:21) by region or load factor by region overall. Although load factor overall was up and North America is a strong part of it. So, for instance, load factor  (01:00:31) overall. Yes. So just in terms of free cash flow, you see, we're expecting €1.5 billion this year. We've given guidance in terms of the balance sheet that we want to manage to. So we're saying that we wanted to kind of keep net leverage. We want to distribute excess cash, so we've got 1.2 to 1.5 net leverage overall. The reason for that range there is what the outlook is looking like, which is positive at the moment. But it's also about where we are with commitments and a potential M&A at the moment. So we're not going to go into what those are particularly. We know that kind of in terms of capital at the moment, it's – we are not spending the amount of capital that we'd like to spend. But we know, by the time we get kind of 2027, 2028 that we will see a step up in the kind of capital spend as we get those catch-up in deliveries going forward. Thanks. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Alex Paterson from Peel Hunt. Your line is open. Hey, everybody. Can I just ask a couple of questions? One on BA Holidays. Did you say that we're 60% sold, so six-zero percent? And is that for all of 2025 or just, say, this summer? If it is all of 2025, could we expect you to increase your number of  accounts (01:01:51)? And secondly, you recently signed an NDC agreement with TUI. How should we think about this in relation to BA Holiday? Is there a risk of cannibalization or do you charge API fees and is the benefit from higher load factors and potentially yield? And does that allow you to offset any cannibalization? Alex, before we go into too much detail, we're going to come back to BA in kind of in a later time in the future because we just moved it from British Airways into Loyalty to really make sure that we can get the most of British Airways. So we'll probably come back in more detail at, say – to cover more detail. I don't know if you want to give any color. Yeah. I mean, just in terms of the first question, the 60% is related to the whole of 2025, so that's where we are, and that's what you would expect if you look at the other players in the market. They are maybe slightly below that, but we are roughly 60%, and we're happy with that if we are on plan and we're still seeing the growth that we saw last year. So still a lot of upside and a lot of potential to come. Thank you. And is there anything you can say about the TUI NDC agreement at this stage, or is that something we could wait for you to... Yeah, well, again... ...say more about in the future? Yeah, we don't go... Understood. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you – thanks, Alex. Thank you. I think that brings to the end of our question... Your next question comes from the line... One more  (01:03:26). Your next question comes from the line of Dudley Shanley from Goodbody. Your line is open. Good morning, everyone. I wonder if you could help me. I just wanted to ask a question on how you think about North Atlantic capacity at an overall level. I'm thinking in particular about US carriers have been talking about record levels of service into Europe and how you see that playing out over the next year or so. I think what we see now North Atlantic capacity and the scales that are published, we see a decline in Europe, North Atlantic in the first quarter, around 4%, and in the second quarter onwards flat. We – if we look at the different hubs that we have, in London it's totally different, the performance in Gatwick that in Heathrow. In Gatwick, the Q1 capacity is going to be around minus 20% if we compare with previous year. And in the second quarter, similar, minus 24%. Heathrow first quarter is going to be around minus 3% and the second quarter almost flat. If we look at Madrid, capacity in the first quarter to North Atlantic is going to be below, around 4%, the capacity we had last year. Q2 is going to be flat. In any case, capacity is going to be above the capacity that we had in 2019. That's important. And in Dublin, the first quarter capacity is going to be below 1.8%, if we compare with the same quarter last year. Q2, we are going to have an increase in capacity. And in summer we are – expect increases in capacity of around 11% with United, Delta and Air Canada mainly adding capacity, strong capacity during the summer. There are no further questions. I want to hand back to Luis Gallego for closing remarks. Okay. So thank you very much everybody to be here today. We are  having (01:05:36) strong results for 2024. I think the strategy that we have and the transformation we are having in the different businesses and in the group is working well. What we see for the future is the same trend. So we are looking forward to the next first quarter results presentation where I hope we will continue with the good news. So thank you very much. 
            