
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Iress Limited 2025 Half Year Financial Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation, followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Marcus Price, Iress CEO. Please go ahead. Thanks very much for the introduction. I'm delighted to be here today to take you through the first half results of 2025 for Iress. I'm joined today by our CFO, Cameron Williamson. I will first provide an overview of our strong first half results and our strategic achievements before Cameron will take you on a deep dive in the financials and our framework to support what we think are some exciting growth initiatives. I'll then talk through our growth strategy and the outlook for the remainder of the year. As you know, we did make an announcement on Friday relating to private equity interest in Iress. We do not intend to be commenting on that today. We're here to discuss today what we think is a great first half performance and our growth plans for the future. Before we dive into our first half 2025 performance, I wanted to touch on some of the fundamentals of the Iress business. This slide provides an overview of where Iress stands following the successful completion of its transformation program. This has allowed us to reset and refocus the business positioning us for long-term growth. Following asset sales, Iress is now a much more streamlined business, leveraging its core competencies and its strong businesses to grow into businesses, wealth and trading. In wealth, we are the market leaders in Australia and the UK with 2,000 clients and more than 60,000 end users. Our trading business is a leader in Australia with strong presence in the UK, Canada and South Africa. One of the features of Iress are the client relationships, which is so strong and enduring. More than 90% of our top 20 clients have been with us for more than a decade. And despite industry consolidation, despite regulatory intercessions, despite the ebbs and flows of market, churn is very low at below 2% across the group. Given the nature of this client base, recurring revenue was also very strong at above 94%, and that provides a consistent and reliable revenue stream that supports ongoing investment. With transformation complete, we are investing to accelerate growth to capture the significant opportunities we see in large and growing addressable markets in both trading and wealth tech, which are right adjacent to our core businesses. I look forward to talking to you about that in greater detail later in the presentation. On the next slide, we're really going to be talking about the continuing business. Cameron will talk about the reported results, but the continuing business is the focus for Iress. These are the businesses post divestments. These are the businesses that are going forward will be the basis of how we report in the future. This slide, we think, provides a better representation of the performance of Iress' underlying business as they exclude the contribution from divested businesses that have been sold over the last few years. In 2025, in our first half, on a continuing business basis, revenue increased by 6.8%, driven by solid performance in our trading and UK businesses. Adjusted EBITDA was at AUD 60.2 million, which is up 8.7% with margins continuing to improve, up 40 basis points to 24.1% during the period. This has led to growth in the continuing – on a continuing business basis in EPS and UPAT of more than 19%. This has enabled the Board to declare an interim dividend of AUD 0.11 per share, 50% franked. I'm really pleased to be able to share these results. They represent a real inflection point for the company. Transformation is complete and has delivered the expected results. The continuing business of Iress is more streamlined and capital-light and profitable with a continuing focus on disciplined execution. The momentum of our continuing businesses and the stranded cost savings that are yet to come and the balance sheet strength provides us the opportunity to selectively invest for sustainable growth. There are significant tailwinds in industries we serve, making this an exciting new chapter for Iress. With our execution capabilities, our data strength and domain expertise, we're well placed to capitalize on growth trends. Iress has momentum. The 2025 guidance is affirmed. And on a continuing business basis, this actually represents an upgrade. We've removed significant parts of the business and being able to maintain guidance. Moving on to the operational highlights. This slide summarize our 2025 first half performance. During the half, we saw the core businesses strengthening while advancing investment in new products. The UK had another strong performance, with revenue up 12.1% and good momentum. What's even more pleasing is there's more momentum in the pipeline with significant RFPs in place in the UK, we're expecting a strong second half there. Our trading business has also had a really strong start to the year with an uplift of 7.8% in revenue. I should also note here that I'm incredibly proud of the team delivering what is colloquially known as the ASX Single Open, which was part of ASX's Service Release 15. It didn't get a lot of media attention, but this was significant because it brought the ASX into line with exchanges around the world and was a significant project for us and the ASX. This was an incredibly significant project for the team, but also has paved the way for further improvements in Iress' trading technology and most significantly includes the delivery of our new cloud-native buy-side EMS. During the period, we are continuing to focus on cost and cost disciplines and what we call our stranded cost program. This will take out another AUD 12 million to AUD 16 million of the corporate cost base over the next few years, and this is providing us with additional capacity to invest for growth. Cameron will provide a few more details on this later in the presentation. We've also made very good progress in building out our data and AI platforms and our capabilities. In fact, we've just appointed a Head of AI who joined the company with substantial experience from AWS and CBA. We've also been focused on accelerating growth through investment in new product initiatives. It's been an exciting period on that front with the launch of our Iress Data Insights and FundsFlow product. We've also continued to develop our wealth division's retirement income solution as well as a new wealth tech offering for the millions of people who want help and guidance, but don't currently have access to traditional advice solutions. We also continue to build on our strategic partnerships to drive that innovation. This has been a really impressive set of achievements on a continuing business basis. We're really excited about where the company is at, and there's more to come. Before handing over to Cameron, I just want to sort of cover off on the continuing business across a number of years. This slide shows the positive impact of transformation and benefits of a streamlined business, and it's delivering strong and improved results. As you can see, we are reaping the benefits of embedded financial discipline and significant efficiencies from transformation with strong and improving results across key metrics. For example, adjusted EBITDA is close to double that of the first half in 2023, and EPS has tripled over the same period. These are fantastic results. We're really pleased with them, and we're pleased about where the continuing business is at. I'm going to hand Cameron over – sorry, I hand over to Cameron now to take you through the detailed first half financial results. And thank you, Marcus, and good morning to everyone on the call. Today, I'll take you through the first half results with a particular focus on the continuing business that you've – that Marcus has touched on already, but I will also take you through the headline results, which do include the contribution for the divested businesses. For clarity, the continuing business represents our global wealth and trading businesses, that being APAC Wealth, UK Wealth and Sourcing, and our Global Trading and Market Data business, which now captures South Africa and Canada. More details are available in the downloadable Excel analyst pack, which has been provided in addition to the appendices to this presentation. They split out impact on asset sales and the continuing business, so you can understand the trends and the financial performance of Iress going forward. These are a strong set of results for the half from the continuing business with the uplift in revenue highlight. The balance sheet has continued to strengthen following the sale of our superannuation business and the impending sale of our QuantHouse business, which is due to complete this quarter. Leverage now sits at 0.8 times and is expected to decline further post the completion of the QuantHouse sale. Earlier this year, if you recall, we did refinance our debt facilities. They are on lower limits and have been rightsized for Iress' needs going forward, and the business is very comfortable with where the balance sheet is sitting at this time. We have just commenced the stranded cost program, which is looking to reset the corporate cost base following asset sales, and we are targeting annualized savings of AUD 12 million to AUD 16 million over the next two years, and I'll take you through that shortly. At the same time, the board has declared an interim dividend of AUD 0.11 per share. That's a slight uptick on the final dividend paid earlier this year for 2024 of AUD 0.10 following its reinstatement. Turning to the headline results, which does include the contribution for the divested businesses through this period and the summary of those divested businesses and the related TSAs is included as an appendices to the pack. The group for the half has delivered a statutory net profit after tax result of AUD 17.3 million, that's in line with the same period of last year. Our adjusted EBITDA was down 3.9% to AUD 64.4 million, again, impacted by asset sales. However, when looking at holistically across the group, the group's underlying profit after tax of AUD 32.9 million, our underlying earnings per share of AUD 0.176 per share, and statutory NPAT are all pretty much in line with the first half of last year. So, while assets have been sold, the continuing business has continued to improve, making up for the earnings that have departed the group through those asset sales. Turning to slide 10 now. On the continuing business and its performance for the half, operating revenue up 6.8% versus the same period last year. That's significantly higher growth than the past few years, which has been more in the 2% to 3% range. Strong ongoing growth coming from the UK Wealth business and pleasing improvement coming out of our Trading business. There was some favorable currency, and I'll touch on that shortly. At the cost line, operating costs up 6.2%. On a constant currency basis, that's more like 4.2%. So, currency obviously having an adverse effect on our cost line. The most significant part of our cost increase has been our R&D investment in new products of about AUD 5.8 million. Notable focus on our new generation of wealth tech, particularly for the UK unadvised market, and we have progressed that quite significantly through the first half of this year. Other costs have been well contained, and costs remain an area of focus, as I've said, particularly with the stranded costs looking to come out of the group. At the adjusted EBITDA level, up 8.7%. That has got also ongoing margin expansion. And very pleasingly, UPAT and underlying EPS across the continuing business, so adjusting for the divested businesses, both up about 19% on the same period last year. So, stronger operating performance. We are benefiting from reduced leverage on the balance sheet, all delivering a pleasing set of results for the group going forward. Turning to the revenue now. Revenue of 6.8% growth or 4.4% on a constant currency basis, did benefit from a lower Australian dollar through the period. The uptick in revenue came via the Global Trading business as well as the UK Wealth business, where we are winning new RFPs, as Marcus has alluded to. APAC Wealth was down AUD 1.1 million versus the prior period, and it was impacted by a client restructure in mid-2024, which we flagged last year. Adjusting for this client impact, revenue for this group – for this part of our business was actually up 4% on the first half of last year and 2% on the second half. So, we have got growth coming from our APAC Wealth business after adjusting for that particular impact. The other revenue was also higher AUD 1.8 million. That's largely on the back of TSA income as there are a number of divested assets are transitioned. And as previously mentioned, these are captured in the appendices, so you can see the timelines associated with those. Just turning to the costs now. Costs up 6.2% to AUD 189.2 million. That increases about AUD 11 million on the same period of last year. AUD 3.5 million of that is FX, as I've mentioned. The most notable uplift is in our R&D investment of AUD 5.8 million for the unadvised UK market. Nothing could be capitalized in the prelim work that was undertaken in regards to the work that we have been doing. We've made great progress in this area. We do understand there's an opportunity there, and we are pursuing that. Other costs across the business were kept very tightly controlled. They were up 1% versus the same period last year. Lower staff costs of about AUD 3.1 million. That's about a 3% reduction in head count over the course of the last 12 months, and higher non-wage costs due to an increase in software and cyber-related spend, together with a number of one-off benefits that we saw in the first half of last year. At the adjusted EBITDA level on slide 13, for the half on a continuing business was AUD 60.2 million, that's 8.7% up or 5.1% on a constant currency basis. Growth coming out of our UK Wealth business, which was up AUD 2.2 million. That represents a more than 30% increase on the same period last year and follows on from the growth that we saw in 2024, highlighting the recovery in that part of our business. And the Global Trading business up AUD 2.1 million, that's a 7% increase on the prior period as well. APAC Wealth did see a decline based on lower revenue, as I've already mentioned, and that was largely a result of the client restructure in 2024. Just turning to the balance sheet now. The last couple of years Iress has made a conscious decision to strengthen the balance sheet. The first half of 2025 has seen that trend continue. Net debt and leverage levels are significantly down on where they were 12 months ago. Net debt at 30 June was AUD 92.6 million with leverage at 0.8 times. Both of these will improve further following the sale of the QuantHouse business expected in the coming month or two. At the same time and as outlined in our capital management plan, our R&D investment has increased. R&D CapEx as a percentage of revenue rose to a touch on 5% of revenue and at the lower end of our target band of 5% to 7%. Notable investment has been made in the last six months in our new cloud-native EMS application, as Marcus has already mentioned, and this will provide greater interoperability and improved client functionality going forward. And this comes on top of the R&D OpEx already outlined and demonstrates Iress' commitment and willingness to reinvest back into the business to drive new revenue streams. We do have aspirations for further growth, and I'll touch on that shortly. Our capital plan settings and improved cash flow means we're now able to reward shareholders with ongoing dividends, sustainable dividends, and the first half dividend of AUD 0.11 per share is an uptick on the AUD 0.10 dividend that was paid in February. And this represents a payout ratio of 62% for the half, and that sits within our 50% to 70% payout ratio target range as we have established. So, we're confident in our balance sheet settings. We feel we have the right balance for growth capital and rewarding shareholders via sustainable dividends going forward with sufficient dry powder to take advantage of other opportunities as and when they present themselves. Just turning to slide 15 now, and you will have heard that we have got a program of work to address stranded costs and realign our corporate cost base in light of the continuing business. We are looking at reducing our annualized corporate cost base by AUD 12 million to AUD 16 million over the next two years. And this will come about via rationalizing software and IT-related spend, downsizing our property footprint, and reducing our ongoing discretionary spend across the group and head count will also be looked at. The timing of these benefits are significantly impacted by the completion of the five remaining transitional services arrangements that we have. And as I've mentioned, they're captured as an appendices in the appendices. We are looking at AUD 8 million to AUD 11 million in annualized savings achieved over the next 12 months with an additional AUD 4 million to AUD 5 million in the 12 months subsequent. We feel this will significantly feed into a more efficient Iress with improved operating metrics going forward. Just turning to slide 16 and our growth outlook. It provides a capital framework for the next three years as we look to accelerate growth. You'll have heard today that notwithstanding an improvement in our operating performance this year, we do have ambitions for further growth. Our revenue has seen an improvement in its growth rate from 2% to 3% in the last two or three years, up to 4% to 5% in the current year, while our EBITDA margin has improved up to the mid-20s, and that was up from in the teens not so long ago. In our capital management plan, we've targeted our R&D on new product and revenue streams to be in the 5% of revenue range. The last couple of years, it's been lower than that, but we are moving up within our target range as we are developing our product roadmaps. Things are moving forward. The next three years to five years, we will be investing in our R&D efforts to build new revenue streams. And you'll hear more from Marcus shortly on this. We do see a pathway for our revenue growth to be in the 6% to 8% range over the coming years, likely 6%, in that sort of lower end of that band by 2028 and growing from there. Our stranded cost program creates capital for reinvestment into this. We see margins edging up slightly over the coming three years with ongoing cost management helping fund that growth. Our R&D CapEx as a percentage of revenue will increase and be in the 5% to 7% band, as set out in the capital plan. And we do not see leverage increasing through this period. If anything, we see it actually declining, whilst we maintain a dividend payout within our 50% to 70% target range. So the program itself will be self-funding as we look to build new revenue streams. So all of this is really to set Iress up in its next stage of organic growth. We have a strong core business with improving performance metrics and organic growth strategy over the next three years to build new revenue streams with a flexible balance sheet with capacity to take advantage of opportunities as and when they present themselves. So with that, I'll hand it back to Marcus, who will take you through the rest of the presentation. Thanks, Cameron. As we enter the next phase of our strategy, Iress is well placed to capitalize on a couple of key growth opportunities. We're really doubling down on our core capabilities while selectively investing in trading in WealthTech. Most importantly, that's coming with the funds from the business that can – from the funds we have actually from the existing business. Cam made that point on the last slide. So we regard this as sustainable growth. The unmet advice needs across Australia and UK are significant. There are huge unadvised populations in Australia of around 12 million, and in the UK, that's about 25 million, and there's a strong need and appetite to access advice. There's also strong demand for AI-led solutions in both Australia and the UK where consumers are severely lacking access to financial advice. These unmet needs come at a time when the need for advice is growing as intergenerational wealth transfers continue to rise, and it's just an increasing pool of people wanting advice. The regulators are responding, creating even greater tailwinds to what is already a significant opportunity for those in WealthTech, who can develop technology and deploy to those unmet needs. Iress is well placed to win in this sector. If it's not us, who is it? If it's not now, when is it? We are well placed. Why? Well, we are trusted. And the trust in the AI world is becoming an increasingly large issue. Who can you trust? Where do you go to get trusted advice? Trust is more crucial globally now than ever before. We've got deep industry expertise in Iress. Our team are highly experienced in navigating regulatory changes and challenges. Our security standards are second to none, and we're known. We're a known business, a trusted business. We have a network which is fast. We've got 2,000 clients in wealth and about 1,200 in trading across the globe, reaching hundreds of thousands of end users. We're expanding and deepening our engagement with our clients, including on these new opportunities, and we've got a powerful distribution framework in this company. And the most important point probably is the last one. I'm sure this reporting season, you're going to hear a lot about agentic AI solutions. AI is only as useful as the data that's powering it. And it's going to – companies that are going to win this sector are going to be those that have got the data assets. We have a distinct data advantage, particularly in wealth. We've got more than 20 years of data – of history, of data history and advice, strategy asset flows, client profiles, adviser behavior. The richness and integration of that dataset mix is a significant moat for this company and is a huge platform for us in launching agentic solutions. It's core to our strategy. We've been working on that data asset for quite some time now over the last two years with considerable investment, but we are now ready to deploy into that space. To say we are really excited about these opportunities for Iress. On the trading suite, this slide talks to the strength of our trading businesses and the opportunities to expand our suite of applications. Trading remains a strong Iress business. We're leading in Australia with solid footprint in the UK, Canada, and South Africa. We've got a strong platform  of (00:23:52) existing trading applications, well and truly industry standards, and we are focused on expanding that suite, expanding connectivity, and interoperability, developing the next generation of trading tech for our existing customers as well as new customers. What that means is we want our customers to be able to connect more easily with other applications, with those with which they run their businesses. That is the whole purpose around what's called the interop standard. Our development of the Single Open recently was a major milestone for us, and I think that's really about bringing the Australian market into line with international standards. But Single Open for us was only the first phase in delivering our advanced EMS solution. We are migrating more clients on to it for better integrations, and it gives us the ability to deploy data products as well. So, it remains an ongoing focus for the team for this year. To support the delivery of those new products and services, we're expanding our partnerships, enhancing APIs to enable modular, personalized, high-performance trading experiences, helping clients optimize and personalize their workflows. It's the partnering that's going to make a difference in the future in trading, and that's what the interop standard is all about. In wealth, our position is also very strong. Xplan alone has about 60,000 users across Australia and the UK. It's number one by market share in Australia, number two overall in the UK, but importantly, in the enterprise space, we are clearly the market leader. There's a significant opportunity, though, for further expansion. Firstly, by delivering greater value to our existing customers using a data and AI-led approach to help them grow their practices and make them more efficient. We've got a significant focus on bringing agentic tools to the advice world through the existing Xplan network. Through modularizing software and developing new technologies with data and agentic AI at the footprint, we think there's significant growth available in this business. Secondly, we're expanding our suite of solutions to meet the substantial and growing needs of the unadvised. This is a new section, a new sector, if you like, in wealth. It's what we call the next-generation platforms, primarily in Australia and the UK. Cameron has already mentioned some of the investment we've made in this space. But there's a considerable market research here. This is a new frontier for wealth advice. Our product research confirms strong client and consumer demand for AI-led digital advice solutions with a new bunch of customers and partners that want to deliver into this space. The development of new product solutions to this population will be a really key focus for Iress over the coming months and years. In summary, we've seen good revenue momentum this half, particularly in our UK trading businesses, and on a continuing business basis, we are growing well. We have financial flexibility. We've got a strong balance sheet and low leverage that will decline further following the completion of the QuantHouse sales. We've got a stranded cost program, which is going to increase further our efficiencies. There's AUD 12 million to AUD 16 million to come out. Some of that will be reinvested in some of our growth initiatives. Growth is our priority in our existing wealth and trading businesses as well as through new revenue streams enabled by data and AI. So, given the strength of our first half results and expectations for this to continue into the remainder of the year, we're reaffirming our 2025 guidance on a – 2025 guidance, sorry. This represents an upgrade actually on a continuing business basis because we've removed certain parts of the business and yet the continuing business has grown sufficiently to allow us to maintain that guidance. That represents an upgrade, and it demonstrates the strength of the underlying business, the continuing business. Thank you. I'll now hand over to the operator to answer any questions you may have. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question today comes from Nick McGarrigle from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Thanks guys. Just a quick question on the wealth business in Australia. I guess, in the last couple of years, we've seen a bit of volume churn and restructuring, and that's probably worn-out some of the price increases that have been implemented. Can you just give us a sense on how the shape of that business looks in terms of volume, seats, any other kind restructuring you think might be underway and what the outlook is for T&D – oh sorry, what the outlook is for APAC Wealth? I think this is –  I'm going to (00:28:21) answer that question, Nick. It's a one-off effect. There was a restructuring of a contract in the second half of 2024, which we've flagged and we've discussed in the market in some length. It's literally a one-off due to a particular client restructure. When you look at the underlying wealth business, it's actually grown in terms of its footprint. The good thing about, I guess, that is, and we've said this before, we are not seeing any future evidence of restructuring of that type. We generally know 12 months to 18 months in advance if we see clients moving like that or things changing. And we obviously have been through a period of a lot of change in APAC Wealth, and this is specifically APAC Wealth. It's kind of done. There's nothing more in the pipeline that we can see. So we feel like the wealth business in Australia has now got its new baseline, the reset is over, and we can see growth from where we're at. And I think Cameron mentioned that... I know. That impacts... Yeah. Go on. Sorry. But that impact is now fully cycled in – when it comes to looking at the second half. You're not kind of cycling some revenue that might have been associated with that in the second half 2024? Hi, Nick. Yeah, no, that's correct. So, as I said, adjusting for that particular client contract that Marcus has just talked to, we're up about 4% on the first half of last year and about 2.3% on the second half of last year. So you're seeing progressive growth in all those halves, after adjusting for that. So we do see growth coming through. Your comment about the churn, obviously, the – given our incumbency, given our size, I guess, of the Australian market, the reality is some of our – we do see a little bit of churn each year. We did call out, we see less than 2% in any sort of – across the board. But that's sort of – we've sort of got the baseline, if you like, for our Australian wealth business now. We don't see any sort of significant changes to that sort of growth profile going forward at this point. Okay. Great. And maybe just the T&D business was a positive surprise and just any particular call-outs there? I mean the revenue growth seems well ahead of expectation. Yeah, no, it's a very pleasing outcome to see that. And it's come about right across the board. I mean we obviously had growth coming out of our APAC trading business, but also the UK and South Africa part as well. So we did have elements of that part of our business all contributing to that growth. And we do see – hopefully, we see that continue, particularly given the investment that we've made on the EMS side. We do see greater potential and new revenue streams coming into that business over time. Yeah. I guess, a particular, maybe just final question for me around the guidance because there was a bit of confusion trading to clients. But maybe it's worth clarifying. You – the Super and QuantHouse businesses contributed AUD 4.2 million in the first half, predominantly the first five months. So the implication is you've now excluded a, call it, $4 million or $5 million EBITDA contribution from the second half, but maintained the guidance. So it's an implicit upgrade of that $4 million or $5 million quantum. Is that the right thinking? Yeah, that's right, Nick. So we'll just call out the slide 21 that talks about FY 2025 guidance for continuing business actually is a headline guidance. So it includes their contribution while they're part of the group as opposed to just continuing business. So, as you rightly say, the contribution from Super and QuantHouse is positive. So it's not quite as it states. It is a headline guidance as opposed to continuing business. Great. That's helpful. I will let someone else ask questions. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Cameron Halkett from Wilsons Advisory. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning, Marcus and Cameron. If I can build on Xplan there, just around the guidance.  So hard (00:32:29) to be maintained, the half-on-half expansion to EBITDA. You've done AUD 60 million this half on a continuing basis. That implies around AUD 70 million in the second half to get you to the midpoint of your guidance. So I suppose, guys, help us with the building blocks there. What gets you there since some of the benefits from the TSOs concluding around MFA and platforms are – and you're really done by October and you can maybe act so quickly? Thanks. No. As I said, Cameron, the – that guidance does include the contribution from Super. So whilst it's done AUD 60 million for the half, that's just continuing business. The Super and QuantHouse contribution was AUD 4 million and a bit. So that does get captured in our guidance number. So it's not quite AUD 70 million. It's in the mid-60s. And so we do see growth coming through in the second half. We've got a confidence level around that and where we see. We did put a lot of R&D efforts into the first half, the R&D OpEx, which we've called out on a few slides today about those efforts. We don't see the same contribution to that in the second half. So that will give us an uplift. We have the benefit of a lot of our price rises come through in the first half of the year, and you'll obviously get a stronger benefit coming through on the revenue line in the second half. So all of which is contributing to further growth in the bottom line in the second half. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Good point. And then I suppose on the medium-term targets you've put out today. So I think it's very clear on your bridge there around revenue, but I suppose on an EBITDA margin basis, just the band of 26% to 27% that's talked about, I suppose, just given the volume of revenue growth that you're looking to be targeting plus sort of rightsizing the cost base post-TSAs, I suppose, question there is why not perhaps a bit more on the margin side? Is that conservative or just a reflection of the reinvestment you expect to sustain? I think it's a timing thing, to be fair. A lot of the investment that you make front runs the revenue. And to be honest, over the next two years to three years, there is an investment to be made, which we've called out today. A lot of the benefits we get from that investment are really 2028, 2029, 2030 revenue streams that come through. So whilst we've got ambitions to grow that revenue and we do see a pathway to 8% revenue, we don't think we're going to get there by the end of 2028. It will be more of a gradual glide path, if you like. But the cost in actually delivering that is front-loaded. So, yes, the margin is probably at the lower end, but we do see that margin expansion probably up towards 29%, 30% over the following two years. Okay. Sort of where my head  was (00:35:20) at as well. Last one quickly. Marcus, perhaps one for you here. Just seen in the release that – in the materials that have come out, there had been sort of a mention there around Harry's role being made redundant. In the past, you've certainly praised his efforts as turning around the UK business, even promoting him to Deputy CEO back in October. And less than a year in into that rise to make redundant. So, Marcus, just help us understand, I suppose, some of the changes that have gone there with sort of leadership restructuring and I suppose why the change? Thanks. Was really about flattening out the structure post-divestment of businesses. Obviously, we've divested a lot of businesses. The group is a lot smaller now. And it was – and we really parted on very good terms with Harry. Harry did great work for us. We're really pleased with what he did. And so we've got the upmost respect to Harry and what he did for the business. But really, it's about just streamlining the business going forward, so a smaller footprint in the management ranks as well as focusing on growth for the future. I think that was what was driving it. So it was really just a, I guess, a point in time, is the way I'd describe it. All right. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Your next question comes from Scott Hudson from MST. Please go ahead. Yeah. Good morning, gentlemen. Maybe just to ask a couple of questions. Firstly, just on the timeline of these new sort of AI-driven revenue streams, are these sort of the 2028, 2029, 2030 type benefits, or we just expect to see something earlier than that? This is Marcus here. Yeah, quite a number of them, and there's a range, I guess, to be fair. We've identified at least three that we look to put into the market in 2025. Now how – some of those are just adjunctive things which clients will take as added value to the platform. There's a couple of – in there that are value adding, and we think are things that people will want to buy. We are not, however, putting huge  legs (00:37:28) of revenue against them at this point in time. There is a bit of test and learn with this. Some of these agentic tools do change the way processes work for advice in particular. And so we're being mindful of that we're going to be working with clients over a period of time to actually build out how they are used for their clients and what the best applications for AI are. I would say, though, I think it's pretty well accepted across the entire industry that AI is going to have a lot to say in advice, and we are right in the thick of it, so – but how that all plays out, I think, it's still – some of that's to be learned. So we're being very conservative about that. We do think there'll be some revenues early on. But it's just – we just want to test and learn that. So, I guess, again, probably a bit conservative on our part, but it's not a trend that we don't intend to be fully invested in. Thank you. Maybe just, I guess, in terms of route to market for those products, is that just partnering with existing wealth and trading clients or are you looking to go to... No, no. There's certainly a segmented strategy here. There are a bunch of tools and toolkits with AI that apply front and center to existing advice clients with Xplan, things we can add to the stack or can augment the stack, which will make their lives a lot better, more efficient, allow them to get efficiencies for their clients and provide better service to their clients. That's the first thing. There's also, right next door, a huge unadvised population who – and a real demand for Agentic AI advice, and we're seeing it across the globe. It's interested in – everywhere. We've got a separate strategy, a separate string of strategy who looks at what we call next-generation advice solutions. We've built prototypes, been out with clients, done a whole raft of work there, and that was part of that investment that we've already made, and we've got a pathway forward there that we're pretty excited about. That is literally – that is new business, new clients. The new clients, as in new user you'll be going through another distribution channel or are you going direct to... Other – and this is of particularly in the UK and other markets. There are other participants in the wealth ecosystems, particularly with regulatory changes who will, we believe, come back into the wealth sector. And not perhaps in a traditional advice sense, but in what we call more a different type of product-led advice, if you want to call it that. Yeah. Do you need regulatory change to do that or is QAR in Australia sufficient to... In the UK, no. Yeah, sorry, in the UK, no. I think we're there in the UK. That's a more mature market from a regulatory settings. In Australia, there's still a little bit of work going on, particularly in defining what that sort of advice looks like, particularly for the superannuation sector. We are expecting another iteration of the current regulatory settings, but all of the super funds are interested in this particular space, and that will be an example of a sector that are going to enter this advice area in the next five years. And we want to be building tools with them. Thanks. And then, just looking on page 27, Cameron, sort of – I guess, I'm just looking at the sequential growth first half 2025 versus second half 2024, looks like about 4% revenue growth, but margins down, I guess, close to 100 basis points. Can I just understand, I guess, what the key driver of that margin compression is? Yeah. That's the R&D efforts, Scott, that we put into the first half that Marcus is talking to, right? So, we've spent AUD 5.8 million in this first half. In the absence of that, if we did not – if we didn't go down that path and this is obviously trying to build further revenue streams, earnings would have been up 15% for the first half, right? And the margin, we would have had significant margin expansion. So, really, it's about sort of front running the R&D OpEx efforts, and we couldn't capitalize things because we're still in blueprint phase around what that looks like that fed into the first half of this year, and that's been the key driver behind that margin contraction. And am I correct in saying that you said that you won't – we won't see the same level of OpEx investments in R&D in the second half? No, it's slightly lower. Definitely, there was more efforts that went into the first half because we're very much focused on the UK market. But, yeah, we've got some great learnings from that. From here on in, there's better balance between OpEx and CapEx build. So, we'll see the OpEx component decline over time. Thanks. And then, just lastly, on the, I guess, Trading & Market Data in the first half, I mean and maybe even in the second half, is there like a one-off benefit from Single Open? And do we expect revenue growth, I guess, domestically then maybe to slow into 2026? There's not a one-off benefit. It's Single Open is more was – for us, it was really keeping the industry up-to-date with the international standards. It's a longer-term benefit to us, though, because we have – we are replacing the EMS application with a cloud-native application and that gives us the ability to do a couple of things. First of all, to be able to sell new data products through that network through the EMS side. But also most importantly because it's using what's called the Interop platform, we can actually more easily and quickly bring new products to market through partnering as well. So, we think there's a real – it's actually quite strategic for us having that EMS platform out there. And using the Interop technologies right through the trading group will modernize our stack significantly and allow us to bring new products and services to market over the next two years or three years. So, the outlook's pretty strong for Trading actually. Got it. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Jack Daley from Shaw & Partners. Please go ahead. Hi, Marcus and Cameron. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on a great result. Just first one for me. Just in terms of page 16, is it good to say a bit more around the, I guess, core revenue drivers for the next few years. Maybe just on the new growth initiatives, obviously, you talked about the advice market and you expect to hit into 1% to 2%. How much would we expect of that 1% to 2% coming from unadvised? And I guess, you've obviously talked about all the complementary new products, could you maybe give any color on those as well? Yeah. No, absolutely. Look, there's a pretty good balance between the unadvised contribution that we're expecting as well as the contribution from new data and AI products that Marcus has just talked about. We're progressing both concurrently, and we are looking to sort of come to market with them both as – over the course of the next 6 months to 12 months. So, you'll start to see that. But the contribution that we've baked into our forecast is actually quite even. Okay. Great. And just on the core revenue growth, I guess, we just – obviously, something like this happens Trading – maybe firstly just on Trading. I understand there's been some pricing increases that are being pushed through. Maybe could you give a sense on how we should think about that moving forward? And I guess, what's just kind of feedback from customers probably implementation of that and also, I guess, the implementation of Single Open? Oh, yeah, okay. This is just in relation to pricing. So, price increases, we tend to try and keep around CPI  plus one or two (00:45:11), which is sort of a standard, I guess, unless we get extraordinary things happening to us. We did look to have a Single Open fee in the market, which we've decided was probably in the end there's too many differences in the way people were approaching that from an implementation point of view. And we're basically going to say, well, on an as-needs basis we'll support clients through Single Open and through the change in the EMS platform as needed. It's actually a more efficient way of doing it for them because certain clients don't need any assistance to move and certain clients need lots. So, rather than have a single fare, it made more sense just to get away from that and actually do it on a needs basis for each client. That's great. And then, just on obviously, unfortunately, so Harry leaving the business. I guess, that was just a rumor in the press, I guess, essentially from the Australian saying that Mr. Price will surely depart as Chief Executive. I don't know if you can make any comments around that. I'm sorry. What was the question? I'm struggling just to hear the clarity of the question, sorry. Can you ask that again? Sorry. There was just a public report that came out in the last 24 hours, just, I guess, speculating about future of the business? I don't know if you can make any comment on that. As far as I'm concerned, I mean, look, it's – we are at an inflection. We obviously discuss things with the board from time to time in terms how we go, what leadership's required for the business. But we're not – we're not making any announcements about that, and there's nothing to say basically. I'm still here and continue to be here. Got it. Thank you. Thanks for answering our questions. Thank you. Your next question comes from Olivier Coulon from E&P. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hi, guys. You mentioned, obviously, you've increased CapEx in addition to the R&D OpEx spend. I did note – and that was obviously flagged a while back ago. I did note a pretty big increase in your PPE CapEx. Do you mind kind of mentioning what that is and whether that's expected to be continuing? Yeah. So, Olivier, this is all coming down to our property footprint, which has shrunk quite materially. We've got new fit-outs associated with our Sydney office, which has obviously got a reduced footprint. We get annualized savings there of about AUD 2 million to AUD 3 million on Sydney, but there's an upfront fit-out that's required. So, that's feeding into the PPE. We're about to do the same in Melbourne. We've done the same in London, South Africa, and Canada. So, all businesses over the course of the last two years, you'll see from our head count going from about 2,600 to somewhere between 1,200 to 1,300, their needs have changed. And as we've changed offices, we've got to fit those offices out. So that's the key. A lot of them were done through incentives with the landlord. So obviously, that feeds into reduced rent abatements going forward and things like that. So you will see our rent payments, if you like, materially decrease over time. But upfront, there's a PP&E fit-out as we deck those offices out. Yeah. Okay. And sorry, you mentioned that a lot of the AUD 5.8 million was in wealth. It's kind of hard – sorry, UK wealth. Bit hard to see that when you look at your OpEx in that division ex-indirect expenses. I think it might have been up AUD 1 million. So how much of the AUD 5.8 million was in wealth versus trading and market data and – sorry, APAC Wealth? So how much was in UK Wealth versus APAC Wealth versus  TMD (00:48:58)? No, we were looking at that part of our business, Olivier, as a – it's a separate investment. It's not specifically attached just to the UK Wealth market. It's an opportunity. The prototyping and the blueprint efforts that have gone on are associated. We haven't specifically allocated that directly into the UK Wealth business because there are a lot of learnings that we've done that are going to be applicable to take back to Australia as well, right? So we're starting with the UK on the unadvised space, but we will be looking at.   (00:49:37) wealth as well. Is that the way to read it? We haven't specifically allocated just to those businesses. It is borne by the whole group as we've gone through there. So there's probably a little bit of a – what I would call a sort of indirect misallocation right across some businesses that probably aren't going to benefit from that – those learnings, if you like. Yeah. All right. No, that makes sense. And sorry, just on the TSAs. So you've obviously got a program that takes down your fixed costs over the next two years. I'm aware that the TSAs do have some incremental revenue with them. I mean how should we think about the actual incremental profitability of those TSAs at the moment? Like are they profit generating? Or do they have incremental OpEx to actually service those TSAs in addition to, I suppose, the larger fixed costs that they kind of represent? Okay. So there's a couple of things to your question. One being TSAs are largely cost recoveries. You've got a whole bunch of people that are supporting the transition of those assets into new ownership and we get a recovery on that. And that's generally done without a margin, right? So you're not looking to see a margin. Not all of it is recoverable though, right, because there is some stitching up on our side as well that gets done at the same time. And so that gets captured as part of the stranded cost out project. So in terms of the TSA income that we get, it probably reflects somewhere between 80% and 90% of the cost of transitioning those assets. But there is some leakage that sort of we bear while we're transitioning those assets that will go when the TSAs leave, and we're capturing that as part of our TSA sort of cost – sort of reduction in our corporate cost base. What I would say though is when TSAs take longer than they should, often there's a step-up in what we charge for the end client – for the partner that we're transitioning to, particularly if it's – there's issues on their side. And sometimes there does – there is a margin that gets captured in that. And you will see potentially some revenue contribution as a result of that beyond just the cost recovery. Yes. But at the moment, your view would be that the TSAs are not kind of washing their face necessarily they'd be slightly lower than the incremental cost of transitioning those assets? Correct. Correct, that's right. There is some leakage there on the corporate side, and that will get dealt with as part of the stranded cost program. That's why we've highlighted it. Yeah. And sorry, the AUD 1.8 million that you call out in corporate as a segment, I suppose, contribution at adjusted EBITDA. How should we think about that number? Is that akin to that drag? Or is that kind of not really – is that not really accurate? No. Not all of it is related to TSAs. We've got some insurance recoveries that are captured as part of that as well, which we're not sort of drawing attention to. But we've obviously got, at various points in time, insurance claims that we deal with. And the recovery of those claims often is – there's a mismatch between the cost recognition and the revenue recovery. So some of that, I'd say probably half of that is in regards to that type of transaction. The balance is really TSA-related income. And as I've said, a lot of that of that TSA income should be largely seen as a cost recovery as opposed to an income line. You will expect to see that sort of marry up over time. We get the costs out. We're keeping track all the costs that it's relating to and making sure a lot of it's in relation to software and hardware that we are currently paying and absorbing for the acquirer, but we expect to see that go out as part of the stranded cost program. So there will be a natural offset. Yeah. Thanks. And sorry, just on that – so to clarify the PP&E CapEx, you mentioned there's still some moves to go. What sort of investments can we expect on that front? Well, largely, the only office that has still got renewal date in front of it is the Melbourne office, and we'll be looking to move in the next 12 months, possibly even sooner. And you'll expect to see, again, the way we think about it, very, probably quite similar to the Sydney office, where we've gone from three floors to one floor, is a reduced property footprint at an upfront fit-out requirement of which a significant amount of that gets funded by the contribution from the landlord, gets offset against the rental, but you get to see it through the PP&E line as those fit-outs are done. So yes, that's probably the only one that we've got on the radar in the next six to 12 months. Thank you. Your next question comes from Simon Fitzgerald from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Hi, there. Just really quickly, the AUD 5.8 million of software investment you spoke about, Cameron, you said that wasn't capitalized as you understand, but also you mentioned that there was an opportunity there. Are you considering changing the way that the software is capitalized? Is that what you meant by that? It's Marcus. It's not entirely – it's was not soft – it's probably not software. It's actually market research. So there was a bit of prototyping focus groups, research done with consumers and clients. It was a whole raft of things assessing a size a market opportunity and really scoping out how to go about tackling what is a new market in wealth essentially and that's a global market. So it's not just in the UK, although we did do a lot of that work in the UK. So yes, it's not – it's – and because we're still working out how to actually go about that that's not capitalizable. So we've used it as OpEx – it's OpEx this year. I mean what I would say, Simon, is there are elements of what's being done that should be proceed, should be seen as a capital investment, right? Because they are – it's an investment that's made that will have an enduring benefit. The issue is there's a timing element as to how the audit is done and how they see it. And until we actually commit to making – moving forward with the proper build of what the product looks like, all the work that we've done is really at a market research and R&D level, which is OpEx as opposed to CapEx. So – but we've certainly got some learnings that we feel and some foundations, particularly around the SaaS side, we've got some SaaS foundations that will be very applicable in terms of what we build going forward. Okay. Also, no mention of net PATA, which was your previous benchmark. You said you were heading towards. I noticed also that the amortization of intangibles went down to AUD 1.8 million. Just wondering what the movement was from the prior period down to AUD 1.8 million. But also the AUD 12 million to AUD 16 million that you talk about, are they specifically stranded costs, not transformation costs, is that right? Yes, that's right, Simon. So yes, we've actually eliminated the NPATA from our disclosures that did create an element of confusion earlier this year. So we're focusing very much on UPAT, which is which is effectively UPATA, which adjust for the acquired amortization. The acquired amortization, as you rightly say is quite low. It's somewhere in the region of AUD 1 million to AUD 2 million. And a significant part of that left the business when the superannuation business was sold. If you think about it, we actually acquired a significant amount of software intangibles through the Acurity platform that goes with the superannuation business. That part of our line, if you like, has now declined to quite an insignificant level. And so we've reduced our disclosures really from an NPATA to a UPAT level. And we expect – we don't expect to see that go up again in the near term. Can I just clarify though, that UPAT takes out those stranded costs, does it? Oh, it does. Yes, sorry, you're right. So they're not transformation costs. They're actually corporate-related costs and/or transitional services costs that are not fully recoverable from the acquirer. And those costs are the ones that will be departing the group as we look to rebase the corporate center based on the smaller continuing business. And then at the EBITDA level, would they be expensed there or are they adjusted out for the EBITDA level as well? Because stranded costs – sorry, transformation costs were expensed in that measure of the adjusted EBITDA previously? It's a combination of above and below the line. As I said, the property footprint is obviously not captured in the EBITDA level and even though there will be a property reduction from cash basis that will be sort of a level below the EBITDA level. But the vast majority of that AUD12 million to AUD16 million is very much captured within our EBITDA number. Okay. And then also just on the UK Wealth and Sourcing. Can you just break out what the EBITDA was for the UK Wealth and the 9.9%? I think we'll capture that, Simon, in your analyst pack, right? So, we've got a far bigger detail sort of analysis. I'd rather not get into the nitty-gritty on this call. We've tried to break that out for you to make it easier to follow. Yes, it's still grouped in one that I can see at the EBITDA level, though, but maybe I'm missing that. I'll keep looking. Let me see. No, that's about it. Thank you very much. Yeah. Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand back to Mr. Price for any closing remarks. Thanks very much and thanks for the questions. I appreciate a bit of forbearance in that the results obviously take a bit of working through because we're having to deal with the divested businesses in the reported results. Our focus as a management team, though, is on the continuing business, and we've seen great revenue momentum this half from our continuing businesses, particularly the UK and trading. We're in a situation we've got really good financial flexibility with such a strong balance sheet now and low leverage, and that's going to decline even further. Most importantly, operationally and as a CEO, we've got that focus. It's a really deep focus on where we're going to grow our business now as opposed to where it was previously, perhaps a bit more diffused. And I'm really pleased that we are so focused. We've got a strategic plan for self-funded growth. So, that's really exciting. Our priority is in our existing wealth and trading businesses as well as through new revenue streams enabled by data and AI. And I think we shouldn't forget, and we said it once or twice here, that the continuing business has actually provided us an upgrade and allowed us to maintain our full year guidance. This is a really strong result from the continuing business, and I think we can look forward to that momentum continuing on. So, I feel that we're really pleased with how we're going. I think it's a great set of results, and we look forward to meeting you in one-on-ones. Thank you now and I will close it at this point. Thank you very much. 
            