
            Management Discussion: Good afternoon. Welcome to the Conference for Nine Month 2024 Results of Iren and  . And now, I leave the floor to Giulio Domma for the conference. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us for on our conference call. The results will be presented by Executive Chairman, Luca dal Fabbro and by the CFO, Giovanni Gazza. So, I then should leave the word to Luca to present the results. So thank you, Giulio. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, we are commenting on the results for the first nine months of 2024 approved by the Board of Directors  (00:01:08). EBITDA increased by 8%, mainly due to higher regulated revenues in the Networks and higher margins in commodities sales activities, compared to the previous quarter, which closed with a plus 5%. The higher growth was supported by the recovery of profitability in the Waste BU, which contributes positively to the group's result. The net financial position amounts to €4.1 billion. They increased compared to the first half of the year and could be attributed almost exclusively to the outlay of €87 million for the acquisition of 50% of Egea that occurred at the beginning of August. Since then, Iren  entered (00:01:52) into the company's management by taking important decision to create value such as the corporate rationalizations of the Egea Holding Group, the operational co-generational businesses. In addition to  (00:02:06), from a structured investor point of view, I think, it is appropriate to highlight the main results achieved in the third quarter of the year, first of all. Indeed, the commissioning of 38.5 megawatt photovoltaic plant in Toscana in July 2, an increase of  under €0.6 (00:02:28) retail electricity customers the change, thanks to the two laws, one in the liberalization market auctions in July. And then, indeed in October, we've started the collection service in 114 municipalities in the province of Asti in addition to the 54 municipalities in the province of Cuneo  (00:02:52) 10th of March 2024. To support the large amount of annual investments and insurance financial structure September 2024, we issued the sixth Green Bond of €500 million, which allowed us to maintain a cost of financing well below 4%, in line with market expectations. Finally, we strengthened the guidance for financial year 2024. We expect EBITDA to be in the upper part of the range, mainly due to hydroelectric production and better than expected performance of power sales activities. Now, if we move on to page 3, that we are showing to you, we make an overview of the main energy indicators that determine the sustainable growth path defined in the business plan, supported by 72% of eligible investments, for the European Taxonomy. Regarding the Green transition, at the end of September 2024, we have a 4% reduction in carbon intensity as a result of the increase in renewable production and the degree in gas and WTE production. So, waste-to-energy plants. In addition, Iren's strong commitment to increasing sorted waste collection, in particular, with the extension of excellence in the recently acquired territories have allowed the group to reach an overall 68% sorted waste collection rate, which is increasing both in historical territories, where it reaches 72%, plus 1 percentage point compared to the nine months 2023. And in the other territories as well where it is almost 63% with an increase of 2 percentage points compared to the same period last year. Also, there is an increase of almost 19% compared to the same period in 2023 of the material recovered in our waste treatment plants. Thanks to the contribution of the entire 2024 period of the plants that came into operation last year. And so, we have a strengthening position, thanks to the increase in the number of municipalities served by the waste collection activity with almost the 490 municipalities and this will further grow with the addition of 114 municipalities in the province of Asti. Then, we have a 7% growth in the customer base due to the increase in electricity customers. And then, the continuous extension of the district heating network which exceeds 101 million cubic meters in terms of service quality. And so, the newly approved results confirm the focus on customers and citizens and the continuous increase of the quality of our products and services. On the first half year data, customer satisfaction in our stores is consolidated, thanks to the opening of four new points in our territories. So, Iren reached a total of 69% of the districtized water network with increase of 2 percentage points in these local territories, offset by the entry of Acquaenna into the company perimeter and a slight increase in water withdrawals per inhabitants. So then, slide 4, we see the main economic and financial indicators for the period. In the EBITDA, equal to €924 million for the first nine months, up 8% year-on-year, confirming the trends already reported in the first half year to which is added the pre-announced recovery in profitability for the Waste BU. Moreover, we can see first of all, the updating of regulatory parameters in networks and waste for about €75 million. Then, the continuous improvement of the markets profitability, thanks to the optimized commercial strategy. So, amounting to almost €60 million. Third factor, organic growth of regulated business due to continued investments and inorganic growth related to consolidation of Acquaenna and Siena Ambiente for €25 million. And fourth factor, hydroelectric and solar production volumes with plus 31% increase compared to the previous year. Among indeed, the headwinds or negative factors, we have a reduction in energy prices and margins with an impact on renewable and thermoelectric production by almost €90 million. And despite these, as visible in the graph, we have integrated electric supply chain management with an increase of €25 million over the previous year. Then, lower contribution from energy efficiency activities due to the reduction of activities related to the 110% Superbonus equal to €37 million. And then, the prolonged breakdown of waste-to-energy reported at the first half of 2024, the non-full operation of the new waste treatment plants, that do not fully operate yet, with an impact of about €20 million. Under EBITDA, EBIT net profit show growth over the previous year, but with different percentages, with different extraordinary items that Giovanni would talk about that. And then, we have indeed the net financial position reaching €4.1 billion due mainly to the outlay for the acquisition of the Egea share. And after this, we have  (00:09:01). And now, the word to Giovanni. Thank you, Luca, and good afternoon. Let's turn to the business performance analysis as usual from the Networks Business Unit on slide 5. The 28% increase in EBITDA of €79 million is mainly attributable to the investments made in the past years, which generated part of the increase in RAB with  (00:09:25) on revenue constraint of about €10 million. And the resolution of regulatory parameters for almost €60 million. I also remind you that the Integrated Water Service is positively affected by the extraordinary recovery of inflation on operating costs in 2023 for €9 million approximately. Secondly, the positive contribution of Acquaenna consolidated company as from June 2023, with a contribution of about €4 million. The investments focused mainly on the Integrated Water Service and the Sicily distribution show a significant growth of 13% compared to the same period in 2023. Investments were also aimed at increase in quality of service, which allowed us for instance to reduce the duration of outages due to faults on the electricity network by 30%. Increase in RAB of almost €300 million, 11% – plus 11% compared to year-end figure for 2023 is achieved, thanks to the equally large contribution of the investments made in past years and the regulatory evaluation linked to the application of the deflator, approximately 5.5% weighted average rate. For the fourth quarter, we expect the performance of EBITDA to be in line with the previous quarters, net of the above mentioned extraordinary component of €9 million recognized in the first quarter. Now moving on to slide 6, we delve into the Waste BU. At the end September, we note the turnaround of this business unit, which in the third quarters further recovers the drop of minus 7% in the first half of the year, recording a plus €14 million in Q3. So, excluding the first nine months, with an EBITDA increase of 4%. The boost of the growth comes from the collection business, which shows an increase in EBITDA of €27 million, basically, doubling the growth in the first half of the year due to the full recognition in the tariff of the higher costs associated with inflation. Secondly, the efficiencies achieved in operations, as well as the completion of the approval processes of the new Economic and Financial Plans for Services, which happened in Q3. The Treatment and Disposal Business supported by the growth in managed volumes, plus 7% versus 2% in H1, however, maintained the margin contraction reported in the first half due to the effects of lower plant availability due to planned maintenance and breakdown of the Turin WTE recorded in the first half of the year. Secondly,  substitute (00:12:30) to the plant startup phase of the new waste treatment plants, which generated an increase in related costs. For the worsening of the energy scenario, with a negative impact on the divestment of electricity and energy produced by WTE. Also, the progressive exhaustion of the disposal capacity of  (00:12:52), partially mitigating the results, negative results of the treatment and disposal plant was a positive contribution of Siena Ambiente, the company consolidated since the beginning of the year, which contributed around €10 million in the period. The fourth quarter is expected to be basically in line with the last year, as the higher margins in collection activities will be offset by the lower contribution from plants, partly due to further planned maintenance on the Turin WTE plant scheduled for the final months of the year. On slide 7, we can see the factors that led to a contraction of 29% of the energy EBITDA. Renewable generation benefited from higher hydroelectric production volumes up by 29%  (00:13:50) production up by 42% thanks to the contribution of the  (00:13:56) in the period. This volume dynamic more than offset the decline in energy prices compared to the previous year. It is important to note that the average sales price in 2023 was supported by hedging activities, which have been brought forward in 2022, which had allowed for a sales prices higher than market prices. In the first nine months of 2024, in fact, the average electricity selling price, although higher than the €110 per megawatt per hour is the result of a declining energy scenario of the recovering  (00:14:37). Also note that the abundant rainfall in the period allowed us to have more water in the basins and the reservoirs and therefore, we expect to reach a record of 1.4 terawatt per hour of hydroelectric production for the year-end. As a seasonal service contribution of district heating did not change significantly in the quarter, confirming the reduction recorded in the first half of the year. Third point, the dynamics for cogeneration in thermoelectric CCGT are very similar to the first half of the year decreasing clean spark spread, lower volumes due to  (00:15:22) positive margins and weaker MSD, with a further reduction of €3 million in EBITDA, due to the lower contribution of MSD in the third quarter. Fourth point, finally, energy efficiency activities, we have reported a decrease of €37 million in this line due to the termination – due to regulatory changes of upgrading works related to the 110% Superbonus incentives. Looking at the last months of 2024, we expect a result of about €20 million lesser than in the fourth quarter of 2023. As the energy scenario is less favorable and is only partly offset by higher hydroelectric production. Completing the picture of the business units, we move on to the market BU, slide number 8, where the growth already reported in the first half of 2024 is confirmed. Thanks to the alignment of our commercial policy based mainly on offers with index prices associated with fixed quotas at market conditions. At the end of September, Iren's portfolio consisted of more than 2.3 million retail and small business customers with a private  (00:16:51) increase in the customers over gas customers, as you can see the top right-hand chart, this trend is also, sorry, in the chart in the lower right-hand corner of the slide. This trend is also the result of the electricity market liberalization auctions that allowed us to acquire 160,000 new customers, a dynamic that we value positively in a market context that has seen increased competitive pressure. The sales growth in electricity customers can also be seen in the top right-hand graph, which shows the volumes sold increasing by 10% compared to last year. On the contrary, the decline in the volume of gas sold to end customers is due to increased competitive pressure on customers and unfavorable weather conditions with falling consumption due to high temperatures recorded in the earlier months of the year. Moving on to the IrenPlus line of business. There is a growth in sales of products and services to retail customers bundled with commodities, such as insurance and connectivity services, which continue – this is important to underline that we sold over 400,000 products and service during the period with a very high adoption rate. The fourth quarter is expected to be slightly lower than last year due to increased competition from retail customers and lower margins from customers acquired in the market liberalization auctions. So coming back to an overview on page 9, we look at the elements that lead from EBITDA to group net profit. Depreciation and amortization increased by €45 million, of which €36 million due to investments made and €9 million related to the companies recently integrated in the consolidation scope, Siena Ambiente and Acquaenna. Provision and write-downs included two extraordinary items. So 2023 includes the provision related to the Decree, Sostegni ter,  so called (00:19:08), extra profit so €41 million, while 2024 includes the €6 million write-down related to a plant for the treatment of plastic from sorted waste collection, which is currently not operational due to a fire in the month of August. The result shows a slight increase in provisions for bad debts for €5 million due to the increase in receivables related to direct billing to citizens for waste services, previously billed to municipalities. And then, the average cost of debt was 2.1% versus 1.8% in the nine months period of 2023 and is stable compared to previous quarters. Finally, group net profit for the period amounts to €193 million, up plus 9% year-on-year. There is also a higher tax rate for the period of 30.1% compared to 26% last year due to the known taxability of extraordinary contributions to compensate for the high cost of energy and also higher profit attributable to minority interests for €11 million. Then page 10, now with the net financial position for the period. So the debt at the end of September 2024 was up plus €173 million compared to the value at the end of 2023, and plus €94 million compared to the data at the end of June, mainly related to the purchases of 50% of Egea, which took place in July. As already seen in the half year report of the operating cash flow of €713 million at September 30, benefited not only from EBITDA, but also from the release of tax credits from Superbonus 110% for 2024 amounting to €250 million. Net working capital increased by €90 million and the reduction in the change of the net working capital compared to the half year, which amounted to €300 million is due to the positive contributions of a higher sale of electricity on the exchange with a short-term settlement against the higher consumption of gas in the third quarter for thermoelectric production with deferred payment. This trend temporarily reduced the growth in CCN, which we confirm is expected to be €150 million at year-end. This increase as already anticipated for the half year, is attributable to for about €100 million to the fact of declining energy scenario as long production decreases the financial benefit of sales of the stock exchange with weekly collections and the higher receivables not immediately billable in regulated businesses due to regulatory increases for the portion of proceeding third tariff cap. And then, a €50 million related to receivables and investment grants related to the National Resilience Recovery Plan (sic) [National Recovery and Resilience Plan], for which the reimbursement procedures by the state are longer than expected. Operating cash flow generation for the period fully covered technical investments of €560 million and M&A transactions related to the acquisition of 50% Egea, the consolidation of Siena Ambiente and the acquisition of authorizations for the construction of the new agri-voltaic plant. And all of these operations amounted to a total of €111 million. I then leave the floor again to the Chairperson for a focus on the consolidation of Egea and for closing remarks. Thank you very much, Giovanni. I will particularly like to take this opportunity to inform you that Iren's board of directors has today resolved to subscribe Egea's capital increase of up to €20 million to finance the development of Alessandria's district heating network. This action will allow us to reach a 55% share, which by bringing us to corporate control will enable us to consolidate as early as 2025, one year earlier than contemplated in the Industrial Plan, and to accelerate the governance optimization processes in order to extract synergies more effectively and quickly. From an investor point of view, the consolidation was to help fund all of Iren's businesses with an increase in the overall RAB between water service and gas distribution of over €100 million. Approximately 300,000 inhabitants served by waste collection, 10 mmc (sic) [mcm] of district heating volumes almost 200,000 gas and power customers, allowing the group to increase its presence in its reference territories, especially Cuneo area and an area between Piedmont and Liguria. And this will also generate an increase on Iren's 2025 numbers. At NFP level, about €170 million, including about €10 million in investments for the development of district heating in Alessandria. And in terms of EBITDA between €55 million and €60 million. Now regarding Iren's expectations, the nine-month results allow us to confirm year-end guidance at the higher range with EBITDA with €1,250 million, plus 4% compared to forecast 2023, and up by €10 million compared to previous guidance, due to better expected results in the market BU and higher hydro volumes in the second half of the year. The group net profit in the region of €260 million, €270 million plus 4% compared to last year. There's no further increase in net profit due to the extraordinary write-down of €6 million due to fire in the waste treatment plant reported this quarter. Total investments of around €1 billion and the NFP/EBITDA ratio of 3.3 times due to the operating cash flow, which will fully cover the investments for the year. And now, we can then start with the Q&A session. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  And the first question comes from Alessandro di Vito from Mediobanca. Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you. Thank you for receiving my questions. I have three of them. The first question is, can you please give us an update on the discussion with the government concerning the renewal of expired hydroelectric – hydro production concession. So we saw that some of the concessions have come to expiry? The second question is this, can you please remind us about the two lots of regulated customers? How many of them were in the two groups and have you managed to extract some value from them since the EBIT figure was positive? Third question. Can you please give us an update on the potential profit from the portfolio of renewable energies, which was already part of your business plan? Thank you. As to the hydro update, Iren is in a slightly different situation as compared to others. So the majority of other operators, last year we submitted the project to the  Pittini (00:27:40) region, which includes a revamping or launch of new assets. This project won, which means, there will be an auction on the implementation of the project and the winner will be the one that will make the most competitive bid. So we're now waiting for the various phases of the project and there is an initial discussion going on where the region has to setup the auction and when the auction is launched, we will participate in it. The way the project has been setup will have a call option, so this puts us in a favorable position. So we have a last call, sorry, so we are in a strong position. As far as customers are concerned, they are 168,000 in total in terms of new net customers with a negative margin of about €40 per customer per month, which is equal to the cost of our  (00:29:03). So we believe we made a good purchase because it pays back in two, three years and it is remarkable. In the retail market, two, three years is the minimum payback time. There are operators investing more money and they have to wait for full five years. So we are very happy with that. As to your third question, i.e., the sale of renewable question, sorry, renewable energies, if I understood your questions correctly. We're making our own assessments and evaluations. We want to try and understand with a considering the definition  (00:29:49) whether we can better evaluate these assets. So we are actually waiting for the finalization of the  (00:29:58) system to understand which is the best way to position ourselves on the market. If the forex is the best to position our assets, we will decide. We have three options ready depending on the FX, because the FX is a game changer and maybe it can add value to our asset. So we don't want to add or lose value before we see the forex. I hope I answered your questions. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Alessandro di Vito. The second question comes from Roberto Letizia from Equita. Over to you. Thank you. Good evening. I would like to bring the attention to 2025, if possible. So can you please give us an update for the next year in terms of the positive and negative contribution for Iren? Although you already talked about the contribution of Egea that we expected, what is the level of coverage that you have for 2025? What is the expected production of hydroelectric power and what is the expected growth outlook? As to waste, I don't know how you're rationalizing your activities. In Q3, they already recovered positions, but can we expect full operation of plant and the recovery of profitability already in the next year? So what is the outlook for the waste market? And then, I'd like to have some information on the regulatory situation for the next few years. Thank you. Well, we think that 2025 would be in line with our forecast outlined in the plan approved in June with the details for the bids that we've tried to convey to you. Some details will cover other questions. On the network BU, we expect an improvement in WACC of 40 bps considering the former customers and others. But we expect an increase due to the deflator. So the update of deflators will basically provide a positive contribution to this business unit. As far as waste is concerned, it's facing some difficulties in the ramp up of new plants. We expect to be able to recover in the €5 million to €8 million from these plants. But we know that a number of difficulties will still be there, especially related to the plant and considering the market prices that are not stable yet. As to the power business unit, we've already covered this, 70% of the aggregate production at a value of about €105 per megawatt per hour and 25% only on the thermoelectric production with a  (00:33:56) per megawatt per hour. For the energy BU, it's important to underline the contribution of the capacity market especially, the options for the delivery of 2025 have already been carried out with the price per megawatt per hour of €45 versus €33 per megawatt per hour of 2024. So here, we had confirmation of about 1,900 megawatt of expected power, which is a major upside in the business unit. In the first months, we do not expect further increases in the declines, but we expect a balance. As for the hydroelectric production, 2024 was an extraordinary, exceptional year, which will allow to have levels of the reservoirs that's slightly above our historical past. And we expect a 1.3 terawatt per hour of production in 2025. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next question comes from Emanuele Oggioni from Kepler. Please, over to you. Good evening, everybody. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a couple of clarifications. One, regarding hydroelectricity production. Before in the call, you mentioned 1.4 megawatt hour for 2024. But I thought that during the H1, you said 1.6 megawatt hour to 1.7 megawatt hour, which could be actually a growth, more in line with 1.3 megawatt hour in 2023 due to the greater rainfall and snowfall that characterized 2024. Then, are you thinking about going back to 1.3 megawatt hour in 2025 that you had in 2023 and they should be considered a normalized level? And one last thing, regarding the retail department of the energy supply, the results of the nine-month period were quite strong, but then the guidance for full year 2024 implied decline in the EBITDA in the Q4 2024 compared to 2023. Could you explain us the dynamics of this business unit, please? Regarding the target 2026, that was correct, but regarding the hydroelectricity production, and also photovoltaic production, we had notified the value for the summer period. With respect to that value, we could say that the rainfall in the third quarter implied an increase by 50 gigawatt hour of production in the hydroelectricity. So, that mix of 1.6 megawatt hour included a target of 1,350 hydroelectricity that today can increase to 1.4 megawatt hour. So, it was correct, but it referred to a different mix of power supply. Regarding the profitability of the market BU, in the last quarter, we expect a lower profitability compared to last year by about €10 million to €15 million because last year, we had instead a significantly favorable trend both in profitability and also because the thermal season, and also regarding gas, that was conservative in the forecast, but we are not reaching the seasonal averages. Thank you.   We have a question from Roberto Letizia from Equita. Yes. So, just a clarification on Egea. I don't remember if €55 million or €60 million EBITDA we should have next year, was it a starting point, arrival point, the target point. I think it was more of a target point, so we're starting from €55 million, €60 million? Can you tell us something more about the guidance data of Egea? What is the target point in a couple of years regarding the EBITDA? The value is an estimate for the year 2025. So, it could be considered a target point and arrival point, but we could not expect a higher increase based on what we know so far. We can say and we decided to enter with the majority capital and starting from today, we will have more impact and more effective impact on the governance. And in case there is a further improvement, we will notify those to you. But as of today, based on the current knowledge and calculations, we may develop to €55 million and €60 million EBITDA for Egea. And then, we will see whether we could reach further improvements. Egea is a platform that is expected to grow, and the synergies of course, are potentially all very positive elements. Thank you. Another question from Francesco Sala from Banca Akros. Good afternoon and thank you. I have two questions. The first one is about gas. What assumptions did you make in terms of volumes for the service season, which can be an element of caution compared to guidance? I'd like to understand the upside of this business unit in the next two weeks? Second question is referring to the consolidation, which can be seen in the gas industry, are you considering some potential M&As as consolidation or as the rationalization approach or are you not considering this option? Well, we are assuming a reductions of 10% to 15% decline in volumes in the last quarter. As to consolidation of the gas industry, we are very reactive to all market signals and signs, but we're also very mindful of return of investment. So, we will not buy gas or electricity distribution options with major expenses. If the profitability is high to the point that we can keep the guidance that we established.  But probably since treatability (00:42:44), if so, we are willing to buy, but we do not buy for the sake of buying. So, it means that we keep an eye on our financials and at the same time, we want to keep the value of the stock high. Thank you.   Since there are no more questions, I would like to hand over to Giulio once again. Thank you. Good. Thank you very much again for your attention. And we'll see you next time. Bye-bye. Thank you. 
            