
            Management Discussion: Good morning and welcome to the JB Hi-Fi Group 2024 Full-Year Results Investor Conference Call. Today's call will commence a short presentation from JB Hi-Fi Group CEO, Terry Smart; and Group CFO, Nick Wells. Following the presentation, we will open to questions from investors and the call will conclude around 11:30 AM. We welcome representatives of the media to this call and as with previous calls, we will only be taking questions from investors. All media inquiries can be emailed to media@jbhifi.com.au. I'll now introduce and hand over to JB Hi-Fi's Group CEO, Terry Smart. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for your time today. As per usual, we'll be talking through the presentation and, as just mentioned, questions at the end. I'll start the presentation on to slide 4, the group model look, I know everyone's going to be very familiarly with this slide by now. I mean, so I'll just cover up briefly. You know our brands. You know that purpose and their individual product offerings. You know our channels to market, which are multiple channels to market and target customers. And, you know, given what we'll announce today, we'll need to add e&s into this. And  (00:01:34) targeting a different customer base and customer segments that are existing brands that reached today. Value proposition that is big brands, big range and importantly, low prices, and the trust customers have in us to deliver this is definitely supporting our sales growth. This is enabled by four key competitive advantages, which I'll detail on the next slide. I'm over to slide 5. Again, most of you will be very familiar with this by now. So, just a couple of callouts. Subscale, the large, engaged, and diversified customer base across the two brands. And obviously, soon to be three, provides suppliers with the ability to execute promotions and new product launches at scale. High volume website traffic provides significant marketing opportunities and reach, such as our newly launched marketplace on JB Hi-Fi, with the second one low cost operating model. It's a constant focus on productivity, especially in those non-customer-facing roles, combined with a focus on minimalizing any unnecessary expenditure. On to multichannel capability, look, it's really about choice in how customers want to shop with us. It's about reaching a broader audience in a single channel alone and providing convenient shopping experience through the most  impairment (00:03:11) we have, such as stores, online, over the phone, and then also including online chat and video chat. Now, this is combined with fast fulfilment, with multiple delivery options, again, giving customers the ultimate choice. For people and unique culture, the key there is, its knowledgeable and passionate teams who put customers first, it's a dynamic and flexible environment which allows us to pivot the business quickly and adapt to any changing market conditions and our unrelenting focus on safety. Over to slide 6. We remain focused on generating long-term sustainable growth and having a positive impact on our people, community, and environment. And today we released our FY 2024 Sustainability Report. Some of the progress we've made in FY 2024 is for our people, continued to improve gender diversity across the group, with an increase in the number of women in leadership positions of board, senior management and store management levels. Continued to invest in leadership development that included launching a new women in leadership program in Australia and New Zealand, plus ongoing focus on safety, including mental health and wellbeing, psychosocial hazard and aggressive customer training programs. For our communities, FY 2024 workplace giving donations totaling AUD 4.2 million and just shy of AUD 40 million since inception. JB Hi-Fi Helping Hands program won the Gold Award for the Best Workplace Giving Program of the Year at the 2023 Annual Workplace Giving Excellence Awards. The Good Guys Doing Good program welcomed two new charities, Clean Up Australia and Black Dog Institute and we engaged an additional 68 suppliers of modern slavery, reviewed social compliance audits of 74 factories on our supplier watch list and completed an onsite review of five factories supplying our JB Hi-Fi private label products. For environment, solar power generation installed on seven stores in FY 2024, bringing the total number of stores to 30 and added Green Power to the group's energy mix, as the group works towards net-zero direct carbon emissions by 2030. Improved JB Hi-Fi core private label range packaging with 100% recyclable packaging used across 77% of the range, up from 56% in FY 2023. JB HI-FI Australia transitioned to a 100% recyclable paper bags with all single-use plastic bags now phased out nationally and completed the implementation of battery, phone and small e-waste recycling kiosks at JB HI-FI Australia and the Good Guys stores with 16 tonnes of battery, batteries and e-waste received for recycling. And turning to page 7, the group performance. I'll take this one as read as we'll be going through more detail through the presentation. However, today we also announced, we have entered into an agreement to acquire E. & S. Trading with an initial acquisition of 75% for cash consideration of AUD 47.8 million. Plus, we have also declared a special dividend of AUD 0.80 per share, fully franked or AUD 87.5 million and together with the final dividend, we distribute AUD 200 million to shareholders. Turning to page 8, again with the summary of the group's performance. I'll take as read as we'll get into the detail as we go through. So turning to now, page 10 and JB Hi-Fi Group's performance. The summary page there. I'll now go over to page 11 because I'll give you some details through that, through the summary pages. So onto 11, sales for JB Hi-Fi – sales for FY 2024 for JB HI-FI Australia, total sales increased by 1% to AUD 6.61 billion, with comparable sales up 0.6%. Sales driven by continued customer demand for technology and consumer electronic products and supported by well-executed and successful Black Friday, Boxing Day and Tax Time promotional periods. The key growth categories mobile phones, we saw growth from Apple with their promotional activity and supported by good stock  levels of existing (00:08:25) sales run rate. Our small appliances, good growth driven by range of brand expansion combined with improved in-store execution. Cameras, we saw good growth from cameras and associated accessories. Games hardware, good growth in console and associated accessory, including the successful launch of new handheld gaming devices. And for services, growth in telco incentives, installation and other services. Software sales, that is music, movie and games was 3.6% of total sales and online sales increased by 2.8% to AUD 1.03 billion or 15.5% of sales, up slightly as a percentage from last year. On to page 12 and the JB HI-FI Australia earnings results. Gross profit decreased by 0.9% to AUD 1.47 billion, with gross profit margin down 42 basis points to 22.2%, driven by sales mix and increased level of on-floor discounting. Cost of doing business was 12.6%, up 54 basis points, and in absolute terms grew 5.5%, with disciplined cost controls helping to manage inflationary cost pressures. Depreciation increased by 2.8%, with an increase in depreciation on right-of-use assets, offset by a decline in the depreciation on fixed assets. EBIT decreased 11% to AUD 491.2 million and EBIT margin down a 100 basis points to 7.4%. Now, on to JB HI-FI New Zealand on page 14. Again, the summary performance there. I will  open (00:10:25) the summary of its performance. I'll take that as read and we'll move on to page 15. FY 2024 sales for JB HI-FI New Zealand, total sales increased by 12.3% to NZD 327.9 million, with comparable sales up 1.6%. The key growth categories which are very much reflective of Australia with mobile phones, with good growth in Apple and solid in-store execution. Audio is driven by headphone sales, games hardware, good hardware availability, assisting the sales. IT driven by smart home and accessory sales. Small appliances with strengths coming from categories such as personal care, vacuum and coffee and we saw software sales again that's music, movies, and games, was 5.6% of total sales. Online sales increased by 32.4% to NZD 42.6 million or 13% of total sales, benefiting from the investment in the new Shopify platform. Five new stores were opened in FY 2024. Over to page 16, earnings. FY 2024 earnings for JB HI-FI New Zealand, gross profit increased by 18.8% to NZD 55.5 million, with gross margin up 93 basis points to 16.9%, an improvement, albeit off a low base as we really leverage that sales growth  with suppliers (00:12:21). Cost of doing business was 15.6%, up 141 basis points. In absolute terms, cost of doing business grew 23.4% as we continue to invest in new stores and strategic initiatives, with comparable cost of doing business up 5.1%. EBITDA was NZD 4.4 million, down 17.1%. EBIT was negative NZD 2.3 million and down NZD 6.7 million. Underlying EBIT, adjusted for depreciation that would have been recognized if right-of-use assets and fixed assets had not been previously impaired, was negative NZD 5.5 million, down NZD 3.3 million. Over now to The Good Guys and turning to page 18. Again with the summary, I'll take it as  (00:13:27) talking some details as we move through. On to page 19, FY 2024 sales performance for the group. Total sales decreased 4.8% to AUD 2.68 billion, with comparable sales down the same. The brand's core home appliance categories remained resilient, with good growth from categories such as portable appliances and floor care, with refrigeration and laundry remaining very solid. Consumer electronics and tech categories, especially categories like TV was softer, cycling elevated demand in the prior period. Online sales increased by 1.3% to AUD 387.2 million or 14.5% of total sales. On to page 20, The Good Guys earnings, gross profit was AUD 621.2 million, with gross profit margin down 22 basis points to 23.2%, driven by on-floor discounting. Cost of doing business was 14%, up 117 basis points, and in absolute terms grew 3.9%, with disciplined cost control helping to manage inflationary cost pressures. Depreciation grew 4.3% with an increase in both depreciation on right-of-use assets and depreciation on fixed assets, and EBIT was down 25.8% to AUD 158.1 million with EBIT margin down 167 basis points to 5.9%. I'll now hand over to Nick to cover our balance sheet and cash flow. Thanks, Terry. So, starting on slide 22 and with inventory, so inventory was AUD 1.09 billion, up 5.1% or AUD 52.7 million year-on-year as we deliberately invested in stocks to improve availability during the end of financial year sales and into July. Inventory turnover was up 14 basis points to 7 times compared to 6.8 times in the prior year. Payables, which would ordinarily grow in line with inventory, were up 9% or AUD 60 million a year-on-year, as strong tax time sales led to incremental buying late into June to replenish inventory. As a result, at 30th June, net working capital was below its normal levels. Turning to slide 23 and highlights on the cash flow statement. Operating cash flows and operating cash conversion continue to be very strong. CapEx was AUD 74.4 million, up 3.8% or AUD 2.7 million year-on-year, with investment in our store portfolio, online and strategic initiatives. Net cash was AUD 302.7 million, driven by that continued strong cash generation and the low net working capital position. Moving to slide 24 and capital management. The final dividend is AUD 1.03 per share fully franked, down AUD 0.12 per share or 10.4%. The total ordinary dividend for FY 2024 was AUD 2.61 per share, down AUD 0.51 per share or 16.3% and represents 65% of impact. Taking into account the strong financial position of the group, in addition to the ordinary dividend, the	 board has today declared a special dividend of AUD 0.80 per share fully franked. The combined final dividend and special dividend will distribute AUD 200 million to shareholders, while continuing to provide the group with balance sheet capacity to invest in organic and inorganic opportunities. The record date for the final dividend and special dividend is the 23rd of August, with payment to be made on the 6th of September. I'll hand back to Terry. Thanks, Nick. Moving to slide 26, the trading update. So, sales update for July. Total sales growth for JB HI-FI Australia was 5.6%, with comparable sales growth of 5.2%. Total sales growth for JB HI-FI New Zealand was 12.2% with comparable sales growth of negative 4.9% and total sales growth for The Good Guys was 2.7%, with comparable sales growth of the same. And look, it was pleasing to see that positive momentum in Australia continuing into July. Now, over to 	Page 28, acquisition of e&s. I guess for those of you in Victoria, you most likely know this brand, but still give you a little bit of detail. So, e&s overview. Established in 1962 by the Sinclair family, a premium offering across kitchen, laundry, and bathroom product segments. 10 showrooms in Victoria plus online, plus one showroom in ACT to open this month, and really delivering highly personalized customer service. They have a strong customer delivery capability, established commercial offering in Victoria servicing builders, developers, and architects, with the recent opening of a commercial office in ACT. FY 2024 revenue of circa AUD 230 million, and normalized pre-AASB16 EBITDA of circa AUD 7 million. And so, the strategic rationale for the acquisition. e&s, it's either highly complementary – is highly complementary to the JB HI-FI Group's existing brands, providing us access to new and expanded customer segments and product categories, including premium home appliance, customer and category, the bathroom category, the large commercial construction customer and boutique and volume builders and architects. We expect to be able to continue to grow e&s both in Victoria and nationally. Transaction details. Initial acquisition of 75% for cash consideration of AUD 47.8 million on a cash-free debt-free basis. Put and call option arrangement in place for the acquisition of the remaining 25% in September 2029. Rob Sinclair to continue as Managing Director of the business. The acquisition will be funded through existing cash reserves and completion of the acquisition is subject to customary completion conditions and is expected to occur in September this year, 2024. Over now to some group focus areas on Page 30, so just a little bit about some of our focus. Retail execution and value promotion, we've kind of continue to stay focused enhancing visual merchandising, refine improve in-store visual merchandising practices to ensure an engaging shopping experience, improve conversion rates, that's just making the most of the existing traffic we have. A solid promotional strategy, focusing on strong promotional programs, especially during those key events like Black Friday and Boxing Day. Drive value, maintain the focused approach on actively promoting and demonstrating our exceptional value to customers, and operational efficiency, drive these efficiencies to reinvest in customer-facing roles and comprehensive training for staff members. Multi-channel growth. New store openings. Two new JB HI-FI stores to open and one The Good Guys store to open in FY 2025. Expand our membership program, continue to leverage the JB HI-FI Perks membership program and grow the existing base of 1.6 million customers. We launched our online marketplace. We recently did a soft launch of Marketplace on JB HI-FI website to capitalize on the significant web traffic, and expand our range in core categories. And finally, enhance sales channels. Grow our phone, chat and video sales channels to meet the customer's changing shopping needs. Onto New Zealand expansion. New store openings, targeting five new stores in FY 2025, develop commercial sales channel there, identify and cultivate the opportunity for commercial sales. Improve gross margins. We need to now leverage the retail sales growth we're seeing to enhance our overall profit margin, and invest in people and systems. We continue to invest in the workforce and systems to support the ongoing growth. Commercial. Commercial growth for JB HI-FI and The Good Guys, expanding the customer base, continue to grow our active customer base across corporate, government and education sector. Leverage the new AI device opportunity. Leverage our scale and reach to drive sales of the new AI-enabled devices and continue to integrate with retail and focus on business lead generation through the stores and enhance delivery experience. And finally, supply chain optimization. Enhanced delivery options, we want to stay focused on creating best-in-class customer experiences, including implementation of a new transport management system. Optimize inventory flow. We want to improve inventory flow into the stores during peak period to enhance stock availability for customers and ensure the safety of our team. Streamline the big and bulky product flow. We want to improve the flow of big and bulky into regional stores, again to maximize our stock position and ensure team safety. And review supply chain network. We're continuously reviewing supply chain network to ensure it aligns with our multichannel strategy, and enhances the customer experience. To finish off, we – over on to Page 33, Investment Checklist. You all know this well by now, so, I'm not planning on covering off. And I think that's – that will finish us off. Then we can move into questions. Thank you. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session.    Your first question comes from Tom Kierath with Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Morning, guys. Just a quick one on the July trading. There's one less weekend in July this year versus last year. I think you're trading updates one, July 31. Just checking if you have adjusted for that, because I presume that you would usually do a bit more sales on a weekend. I think  Escali (00:26:10) was saying 65% to 70% of their sales are on the weekends. So just be good to get some color around that just on the July numbers. So, whether we adjusted or not, Tom, no, we haven't. It's just a pure calendar month. So, we try to avoid adjusting comps. So that is the Australian calendar month. So, yes, you're right. There is one less weekend this year than the year before. Again, it's not as significant an impact on us as it is on someone like  Escali (00:26:39). We do have a bit more balanced weekday and weekend portfolio. And I suppose there is a little bit of benefit in July this year from some of the strong written sales in June that were delivered in July this year as well. Yes. Yeah. Cool. And secondly, I think at the first half, you said that in-store labor wasn't kind of back to your normal levels. In the second half, kind of was it, or where are you kind of running there just in terms of like service levels, etcetera? No, we're back to normal now, Tom, so that's all set. Great. Thanks, guys. The next question comes from Shaun Cousins with UBS. Please go ahead. Thanks. Good morning, Terry and Nick. Maybe just a question on gross margins in JB HI-FI Australia. Just in particular, in the second half promotional frequency seems back to where pre-COVID levels were. Is the quantum of promotions less, or is there a mix to product categories that enjoy higher margins, or even a mix to consumers trading down to brands where you make a higher margin? I'm just curious around what's driven the surprisingly stronger-than-expected second half gross margin in JB HI-FI Australia, please. Yeah. If I can, just on the overall gross margin,  (00:27:59) second half and this plays out in the second half. I think a couple of things going on. There is services, we've been seeing some – you know, had some good focus on the services side, so that's things like telco commission and installation services, and they have been positive and helped support margin. The other thing is, good growth in  whites (00:28:24) and especially small appliances, which are which are a higher margin, we're seeing some good growth come through in the JB HI-FI business, again, helping to support the margin. As far as promotional activity, it feels like we're back to where we were, pre-COVID. Just feels like where suppliers are promoting as they were, and supporting promotions. We're doing our on-floor discounting as we would have been prior. So, feels very much like we're now back to a much more steady type of run rate. Got you. Great. Thank you. And then I guess my second question is just around e&s. Can you talk if there are any brands that are exclusive to e&s in Victoria and how to think about interstate expansion? And I guess more generally, your acquisition track record has been sort of have – sort of started a little slow with The Good Guys but then sort of really it was very much matchstick leading into COVID and did very well. Just how you're thinking about going managing the e&s business and even  (00:29:31) would be disclosed, a separate division, or part of The Good Guys maybe, or – just a few questions on e&s, please. Yeah, yeah. Look, it will be disclosed separately. So you'll get to see that separately. As far as brands that are exclusive, really the only one that is going to be something real premium brand like a Sub-Zero Wolf is – would be exclusive, and Victoria-only, albeit potentially South Australia. We could have it there. But all the other brands we can have in interstate, but still to be discussed with suppliers. So, I don't want to jump the gun too much as far as that's concerned. And... And nowhere to get into – sorry. Go on, Terry. No, no, go on. Any ACCC issues? Would you guys... No. ...need to engage with them at all? No – we have engaged... Oh you have... We have engaged with the ACCC and we've got... You know what they call informal merger clearance, Shaun. Understood. Okay. Yeah, yeah. That's great. Thank you, Terry. Thanks. Your next question comes from Michael Simotas with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Good morning and well done on the result. A question on the July trading update. I know COVID's a long time ago, so our memories are probably fading a little bit, but there seem to be a lot more promotional activity in the market in the month of July than what I can remember. So just interested in any comments on whether there was, in fact, a bit more promotion this July than there has been in the past and whether that was funded by JB HI-FI or suppliers? I'm not sure there was – again, it feels like a bit of pre-COVID, just being – you know, the level of promotions that are there. But, look, the reality is, when it's tough, that's what you do. You go out and you promote. And you know it has been reasonably tough in the market. So, the team sat down and worked with suppliers on creating promotions that can actually drive sales, and drive a result, and that's what's happened. But, to say that it's too much different than pre-COVID, I don't think so. It's just the same as any month. When it's tough, you go out, you work with suppliers and create promotions that are going to drive sales. Okay. That helps. Thank you. And then a question on e&s. Just sort of trying to work out how that business is faring cyclically relative to your other businesses, which have proven to be pretty resilient. If we look at the EBITDA margins of that business now versus where they were before COVID, appreciating that unlisted accounts can be a bit patchy, it looks like margins are lower. So, just want to get an understanding for where earnings are in its cycle. And do you feel like you're buying this business on earnings that may be a little bit depressed? Well, to your point, I think it's a private business again. So, it's always a bit hard to look at what has historically been a private business. It's always has been hard to look at what's been in a set of accounts. Yeah. We have no doubt, this business – yeah, the reason we want to own this business, it is – it has exposure to  happy to say (00:33:18) construction customer, the commercial customer, and probably a bit more housing exposure with renovations and new starts than The Good Guys has. And so, it definitely would be feeling that at the moment. We're very comfortable with the earnings that we reported in the presentation there and that they can be the base that we build off, and we grow from there. All right. Good. Thank you. The next question comes from Bryan Raymond with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Good morning. Great result. Just wanting to sort of talk more broadly about the margin profile. We've been talking a lot today about profitability and sort of particularly around promotional activity and other factors largely normalized now. Your margins are a fair way ahead of pre-COVID as it stands in FY 2024, which was a reasonably challenging year for the consumer. 2025 is looking probably a little better from a macro perspective with tax cuts and rate cuts and so on. Should we be thinking about anything that would – we need to normalize in the FY 2024 margins at 7.4% and 5.9% for JB HI-FI Australia and The Good Guys? When we're thinking about that go-forward margin, because as you said, they are a fair way above pre-COVID, is there anything in there that we should be unwinding, or should that be kind of the new baseline as starts for the business when we're thinking about our forecast going forward? Thanks. I think it is, again, separate the brands when you compare it back to FY 2019, and I guess, and The Good Guys back in FY 2019 was running 3.5% EBIT margins. We were, at that point  (00:34:54) we were definitely looking for significant improvement in EBIT margins. And obviously, we've seen that over the last few years. In terms of what we're seeing in – it's not like it's – to Terry's point, we sort of got the labor back in the stores. It's just kind of where we expected it to be. Those gross margins, it – JB HI-FI Australia we've always said that it sort of bounces around at 23% gross margins. So, gross margins are largely where we expect them to be. The cost of doing business is largely where we expect it to be. The Good Guys, I think the team's done a really good job of holding on the gross margins at that 23%. So, it's probably – that's giving us a bit of extra EBIT margin than what we probably originally anticipated in The Good Guys back in FY 2019. But, overall, I want to say, it is, yeah, that largely is for us about we're back to a normal environment, and our job is to continue to make sure we maximize the opportunity from here. That's really helpful. Thanks, Nick. Just on JB HI-FI Australia at 7.4%, I mean pre-COVID, it's more mid-6s. Is that a similar comment there? Like it seems like it's more of an efficiency game in the CODB line, given you, as you said, you're 22% on the gross margin. Is that in-store efficiencies, or supply chain? Is there anything in there that's meaningfully more efficient than it was five years ago? Oh, definitely that sales was – to your point, around that sales dollars. Like, there's definitely a little bit of leverage that's coming through on the sales dollars. And look, it's – I don't know, I don't have it in front of me and t's not that material, but that FY 2019 number has also got a bit of pre-AASB16 impact in it. So, it's not – so, from that perspective, the FY 2024 and FY 2019 are not that materially different. Okay, great. And just final one for me, just on the balance sheet, you've obviously given us the capital return as well as there's an acquisition in there. Your starting point is a bit higher than I thought in terms of net cash at AUD 300 million. Might be some temporary factors in there, so  trying to (00:36:57) understand if there's anything we should be unwinding in particular around timing. But, just more broadly, you're going to be in a pretty strong net cash position going forward, I would think, given those two other factors. Should capital management continue to be on the agenda, do you think, for the market even – do you need a really big net cash position, is I guess what I'm heading with this. What's the right level going forward? Thanks. Yeah. I think – two comments, you only get to see cash position at two points in a year, being June and December. For what it's worth, they are both the seasonal high points. So, it's not that high throughout the year. I think what you're seeing from us today is that we're pretty proactive  (00:37:43) if we don't have a use for the capital, then we will return it. Ideally, we'd like to be investing in our business, or a business like e&s, and continuing to grow top line, grow earnings. But in the event we don't, we will consider each period. Just reverting back to the AUD 300 million, it is a bit higher than – and just specifically on June, it is a bit higher than normal. I tried to call it out of the working capital. It's –  we bought light (00:38:11), so there's a bit of an elevated payroll position and inventory, even though we put inventory in, we still would like to close on a higher inventory number. We're still – we still feel like we've got stock availability challenges because we're trying to remember the – again, the – our two reporting periods is right at the end of two key promotional periods, so trying to get that inventory balance right is tough. And so, we still think we'd like to invest a bit more back into inventory. And so, there is some working capital to go back into the business at June as well. Okay. Great. Thanks. The next question comes from David Errington with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Good morning, Terry. Good morning, Nick. If I may dig a bit deeper into the very strong sales growth in that fourth quarter and particularly into July, I mean, that's what surprised me today. Most of our macro guys have been telling me – most of our macro guys are telling me how soft that period was, yet you guys seem to be doing extremely well. Can you go into a little bit of detail, a bit more detail, what categories was really in that strong? What's driving that? Is it category growth, or is it market share growth? And the second part of the question is, what categories are there that you have? I'm assuming it's probably – I'm probably going more in telephones and mobiles, but what areas do you think that you're still  under but are (00:39:47) growing strongly, but you still think there's a lot of runway in terms of market share growth? Could you answer that, please? Because that's the thing that surprised me is the strength in your fourth quarter sales and particularly leading into July. You seem to be doing a lot better than what I was thinking you'd be doing, given the current macro environment. Yeah. Look, I mean, it's different between the two brands, definitely. I mean JB HI-FI just continues to – and we would anticipate we're gaining share, but it's very hard for us. At the end of the day, I don't want to be flippant about whether we're getting share or whether the category is growing. You know, we – but if a customer is out there shopping, we just do whatever it takes to actually get that customer to shop with us. So, and that's just how we operate. It doesn't matter how many customers are out there. We just want them shopping with us. But when you think of JB HI-FI, those tech categories continue to perform really well. Things like TV was quite soft, but the tech categories continue to perform strongly. And again, that just comes down to, I think, the fact of how when we talk about this a lot less discretionary, those categories are becoming like mobile phone, etcetera. So, JB HI-FI was really  (00:41:17) and also it saw some really good growth coming out of some categories like small appliances, which, in JB HI-FI, includes vacuum, and you've got things – you've got small appliances growing really strongly. Areas like vacuum, believe it or not, are really growing strongly with Dyson, and coming out a little bit of Godfreys, I guess, closing there. If you then come over to The Good Guys, they saw some really good strength in the home appliance categories. And I would anticipate in that case, while they operate the same, whoever's out there buying, we just want to get them shopping with us. That would have been some market share gains in those categories definitely. And I think for The Good Guys and for JB, when you think of the market as it is today, consumers are very conscious of price. They want value. And over so many years, that's what the brands have built in consumers' minds, and no doubt, we're benefiting from that during these tougher times. What about the runway, Terry? Which categories do you think you've got more runway? And is artificial intelligence starting to kick in that you see that you could gain even further runway? Yes, look, definitely the AI-enabled devices are going to give us some runway in that respect, and that probably playing out like as we anticipated. And that's coming through more in the strength of the ASP they are delivering to that computer category. But come midyear, you're going to see some more brands or some of the silicon players coming out like Intel and AMD are going to be launching  silicon 4 (00:43:21) that is capable of the AI and you'll see models – model numbers increase, availability of models increase to something like around 40 models. So, and also, while still premium, you will see pricing come down a little bit in that down to more like the AUD 1,400 mark or starting at AUD 1,400 that's still premium, but just becoming more affordable and just a greater range of models coming in. So, we would anticipate that, that will be positive for that category in computers. Telco, we still maintain that we have low share, albeit that share is held with the carriers. So, we still feel there's some opportunity to continue to continue to gain some share there. And then, over in The Good Guys, it remains – small appliances remains – vacuum, and just continuing to see we can grow the share in laundry and refrigeration. Okay. Thanks, Terry. And, Nick, just a very quick second question, like you're going to get this for the next two to three years, so a bit of a forewarning, but the margin in e&s, I mean, if you look at the EBIT margin, it's pretty low. It's probably at 1% or 2%. So, how are you going to handle that question  when it comes that your (00:44:43) every question about the margin being really low? And is there any quick wins that you might be able to get that's going to happily satisfy us going forward that the margin is going to improve, because I can see it coming in the next two to three years, you're going to get hit about that low margin? Yes. I get it. I get the – it is lower than the existing businesses. The Good Guys was lower than where it is today. So, I don't have  an easy answer (00:45:08)  (00:45:09).  We do get the opportunity (00:45:10)  (00:45:11) and I'll  (00:45:12) question for the next couple of years. And... It's coming your way, too. It's coming your way, Nick. So, is there any quick wins that you can get  that up (00:45:19) a little bit because it's coming? You know that, don't you? It is  really getting there (00:45:24), David, and...   And then (00:45:23)... I think...   (00:45:24)   (00:45:25) we'll definitely –  if they are quick wins to be had (00:45:24), we'll find them. Yes. And... I'm sure you'll do your best. And also, it's a category in the commercial space, which would generally be a little bit lower margin, but we're really keen on growing that. So, we'll get in there and really understand this business and see what we can do. Thanks, Terry. Thanks, Nick. Your next question comes from Adrian Lemme with Citi. Please go ahead. Good morning, Terry and Nick. I just want to say congratulations on the job that your team – you and your team are doing right, which is evidenced again in today's result. The first question I had, sorry,  I don't know if (00:46:08) there's been a lot of questions on gross margins in JB HI-FI Australia. I mean, we detected a lot less Perks deals, there's still wide deals in the second half on the PCP. So, I'm just wondering if  that, yes (00:46:21), directionally was in line with what you've seen. And also, I assume that you haven't had to do as many of those in the fourth quarter, because you've had such a strong tax fund? If you can just talk to the  (00:46:33), please? It's not – look, the Perks deals don't have anything – any influence on gross margin. I guess, when we're doing Perks deal generally, it's about customer acquisition and building that Perks membership base. It's not significantly impacting the overall gross margin. That's what I said, Adrian. And so, the Q4 –  and it's just (00:46:58) Q4 is an important quarter for us, like, it is  end of financial year sales (00:47:00) and Mother's Day in May. So, it's a big period generally, and it's sort of – we can clearly see customers are lining up behind those promotional periods and waiting for those promotional periods. And so,  well (00:47:14), Terry called out with that retail execution base. We're just making sure we execute on those promotions really well. Okay. Great. And second question was on e&s. So, I can see it's got nine stores in Victoria. Something like Winning Appliances has 17 nationwide. Is that a good guide? Obviously, you're not going to give a proper guidance today on it, but is that something you could work towards over the next few years? And secondly, is there any material overlap in the brands that e&s has with The Good Guys? Has there been some benefits from harmonizing trading terms, please? Look, store expansion, yes. Again, we need to do a lot more work on store expansion, but it remains a really good opportunity. When you think of the number of stores just in Victoria, it indicates that potentially there's greater opportunity than what you're seeing there from Winnings. And as you know, Winnings, while there are around the country, is really focused in New South Wales. So, we see really good expansion opportunities. Numbers, hopefully, we can be a bit – we can be clearer over  that (00:48:37) in the future on how we're seeing that play out other than we know that there is a good opportunity. Brands that overlap. Yes, a lot of brands do overlap between The Good Guys and e&s. Obviously, the e&s products from those brands is more in the premium space and The Good Guys is probably more entry to mid. But, they're – hopefully and again we need to get in and understand it, but that will be one of the things like we did with The Good Guys and JB is we will look to try and leverage that with suppliers to see if we can improve margin and those opportunities. Great. That's very helpful. Thanks, guys. The next question comes from Ben Gilbert with Jarden. Please go ahead.   Hi (00:49:29), guys. Just on the telco category, I'm just interested in – I know you don't give explicit splits by category  except (00:49:36) software, but just any color around how material it contributed to the category that was in the ability to sort of maintain that momentum because  there numbers some floating (00:49:44) around for the March and June quarter showing that telco is up sort of mid-20s across the industry and  (00:49:50) in the June quarter, which given I think it's biggest category in JB's  (00:49:56) it was quite a significant contributor. But  (00:49:59)  a lot to comment and Google's pulled its (00:50:00)  (00:50:02)  iPhone, all the sort of stuff (00:50:02) today. Just any color you could give us around that and again the runway you continue see there. It's still  pointed to be (00:50:12) an important category for JB. I think I've seen some of that market data that you're talking about. We're definitely not seeing that level of growth in our business, but it is still a strong contributor to the overall JB HI-FI Australia growth. And how much, I suppose – how much scope  to share to (00:50:29)  (00:50:31) question before  (00:50:31) because you've obviously done such a good job building that and generating or driving new customer cohorts at Telstra. Do you still see significant  runway or (00:50:40) you're coming up against more competition now? Do you think you've been helped a lot by  Apple supporting to provide (00:50:44) more support in the market as well? I'll just  get to (00:50:51) say on the hardware side, so separating out the Telstra piece on the hardware side. We still have strong ambitions to continue to really grow that category and think we have opportunity and we know we have opportunity to grow it. So, we still see upside there. And I think you made also the point around things like AI. That – it will be interesting to see how that plays out in the telco space. I know it's in Samsung, but Apple is still yet to launch and they have started talking about their Apple Intelligence, they're calling it. But that will be – there's not much detail on that and that will come out. And if that can really – they – and Apple generally do a really good job of demonstrating good use cases for that, then that could be a really good one for new product launches from them to drive an early replacement cycle. So, there's potential in there. We just got to see how that plays out. But we still remain that we've got some really good growth opportunities in telco, the hardware side. Sounds great. Thanks. And then final one for me, just around  C2B (00:52:10)  (00:52:11)  I know you've sort of talked to it with The Good Guys and JB's together or (00:52:13) split them out. But just how are you thinking about the underlying rate of  C2B (00:52:16) growth into next year? Is the focus still very much around managing wages as a percentage of sales?  Do you think (00:52:22) you'd be able to get some operating leverage, for instance, in JBs if you can maintain this sort of level of comps Just  good sort of color on (00:52:27) how you think about  C2B underlying inflation to fiscal 2025 (00:52:29). Yes, look, it is largely the same, Ben. The biggest part of our cost base is the wages. And so, as we've always done, we will try and manage that wage cost in line with our sales growth. So – and the easiest way to do that is to grow top line. So, we remain very focused on growing that top line sales base. The – and then obviously the inflationary increases will come through in that wage base. Secondly, the award increase from a corporate perspective was less this year than it was last year. So, it's a slightly more manageable task, but still not an insignificant increase that we will need to manage. And some of the other ones like rents,  et cetera, obviously was double ASP (00:53:19) but the CPI prices  (00:53:22)  has that continued to fluctuate (00:53:23)? Yeah. So they'll continue to flow through.  (00:53:26) with the accounting. But yeah, the CPI prices will still flow through. And we'll just – again, we just need to try and manage that lead base the best we can as they come up for renewal. Fantastic.  Thanks, guys. (00:53:41) Your next question comes from Lisa Deng with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi, Terry. Hi, Nick. Congratulations on a really good set of results. A couple of questions. Firstly, on the promotional calendar. Can you talk to us about the promotional calendar for the end of financial year sales compared to last year in terms of, for example, number of days? And, I think Nick mentioned some of the  later (00:54:08) June orders that floated into the July delivery. So, can we better understand that? And then I guess the flow on from that is the Black Friday. The November sales like last year, I remember, was significantly larger than the 2023. And so, what are we kind of thinking for that promotion period again in November this year? Thanks. Yeah. So tax time. Look, it was very similar last year in the sense of the length of the promotions. Nowadays, promotions seem to go for the whole month anyway. You tend to be going for the whole month. The tax times fairly  match (00:54:51) the same. Last year, Black Friday did creep out for a few extra days. So instead of the one – instead of the week, it almost stretches out for two. This year, we would anticipate  that's kind of the same (00:55:09). It does get a bit closer this time into December, Black Friday, this year, so that will be interesting to see if that – some of that flows into December. We're still going to sit down and work all of that out in the sense of how the sales may flow through. But we anticipate Black Friday this year to be bigger again. I mean, it just seems to be getting bigger. Consumers absolutely understand what it is and then throw on top – just that people are really looking for value. We anticipate that Black Friday will be another good period for us this year. Yes. And just on July, we noticed that Prime Day this year was like six days compared to last year. Did we extend any further sort of promotions into July that we normally wouldn't have or didn't do last year? No. No. So, it's always – it's actually a good thing when others are promoting, JB... Yes. ...and The Good Guys, for that matter, actually benefit during that time. And you can argue  that tough on (00:56:18) margin, et cetera, but at the end of the day, all we care about is taking the sale. So... Yes. ... Prime  (00:56:25) went for six days. The JB team just got right behind it. We're matching price. We're actually out there actively promoting and pushing, pushing deals as well. And they just took advantage of the hype that was around it and it was a really good result for them. And they – credit to really good job. And as did The Good Guys. The Good Guys are – good result out of it, too. And again, I just keep coming back to this fact that consumers expect both JB and The Good Guys,  there's (00:57:00) a lot of trust around the price and they just anticipate if there's a sale in the market from anybody but we're going to be, bringing it to the market as well or, having our own deals running at the same time. So, we always get customers, at least checking us for price and shopping us as well during those times. Great. And just one last one for me. In terms of like supplier funded promotions, we've heard from a lot of places that Apple's been very promotional trying to sort of clear the, call it, iPhone 14, iPhone 15s in, to create runway for the Apple Intelligence enabled like iPhone 16. Do we have like a firm date for them launching, and do we have any sort of exclusivity not just for Apple, but around some of those AI product lines that you mentioned to get that opportunity ahead of other people? And so, firstly on Apple, no, we don't have any dates as yet other than, September,  (00:58:03) as a potential. So, we don't have any opportunity. Apple have been very promotional. We've seen that over the past 12 months. And that's all part of that margin that you're looking at there today. So... Yeah. ...that is Apple being promotional. So, that's about Apple. As far as AI getting exclusivity, not necessarily getting exclusivity. It's just that, it comes to JB,  again, that no one is first to new (00:58:38). And what we have seen, we – with the current AI devices that are actually in the market, if JB has picked up the lion's share of those sales based on the fact that, again, consumers, just first thing they think about is JB when they think of these new devices, they're coming in, our staff are trained, again the team did a great job of running a training program for all staff around the country just proud of the AI devices coming in  (00:59:14) walking in, expecting to see it and then actually, getting great service from the team. So... Yeah. ...we'll continue to do that as this new – as a new silicon rolls out, which is sort of mid-year. Got it. Thank you. The next question comes from Craig Woolford with MST Marquee. Please go ahead. Morning, Terry and Nick. Two questions. I'll give a break and we're all on time. Firstly, just what's been the progression of, I guess, average selling price or average transaction value as you move through FY 2024? Was that a great second half result? Was that more about more transactions coming through or is ISP and mix being a more positive influence? It's quite – when you think of an average transaction in tech, it was – for JB it was actually slightly up and volume was slightly down so it's not too dramatic, but ISP has held up and that's more to do with the mix of the products that are going through than the individual categories. Categories like computer and telco have held up. Others might be slightly lower, but the average that a consumer is buying from us is just slightly up and it's reversed in The Good Guys. And that is – that volume was up, ISP was down and that's again, that real flight to value that consumers are doing with white goods but the volume was up again with that, I would just say, that trusts that coming at The Good Guys are going to get the right price. And so, that's how we sort of play out. Yeah. So just to clarify on The Good Guys, that'll be trading down to a potentially a cheaper brand or a lower spec model or something like that? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. But it's more the value brands or value models. Yeah. That are on the floor. Okay. And because everyone's asking on gross margin, I feel like I've got one on the JB HI-FI Australia specifically the first half gross margin was 22.0% and the second half was 22.45%. I know it's – might be small in the scheme of things in your world, but it is a meaningful enough difference that just want to know whether you feel we should be extrapolating 22.0% or 22.45% because I could get quite a different result for FY 2025. There's a bit like, I know, and I try not to say a lot with footprint, but it does move with mix, Craig, and so it is – it's a little bit, for example, visual was – JB sales were a bit tougher in the first half than they were in the second half. JB – a major, and probably that high gross margin, so that's helpful in the second half. So, it moves around with mix. We're pretty comfortable that we're talking about around that sort of at 22% and it is going to bump up, and move around depending on the period. So do you think that the mix effects that you saw in the second half is representative? Because some of the commentary early in this call seem to suggest that, all the other dimensions of mix of have largely normalized and perhaps the second half is more representative? Yeah. 23.5% is a bit higher on what we've historically run it because we... Yeah. ... more comfortable closer to 22%. Okay. Thanks, Nick. Thanks, Terry. The next question comes from Phil Kimber with E&P Capital. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Just a question. Obviously, June – well, the fourth quarter and July were very strong. I mean, are you seeing a material change in consumer behavior? I guess I'm trying to understand, is this sort of a Black Friday experience all over again where consumers come out for key promotional categories and then sort of went back into their shell a little bit afterwards? Or is this – are you seeing sort of a fundamental challenge in the consumer and this is the start of a more buoyant period? I just wasn't sure if you've got any insights on that from what you can see? No doubt with cycling, no. Some lower comps from the fee, a year before I think is assisting as far as debt is concerned. So, there's no doubt, though, that we had a really solid tax time promotional period. Again, consumers are really reacting to that discounting. However, that last quarter into July, it's with the cycling, less challenging comps as well. Yeah. And just the second one and it's a small point. You've given pre-AASB EBITDA for E&S in FY 2024 of AUD 7 million. Is – can you give us a sense, because you're going to report a post-AASB basis, what that number would be? I mean, would it be – is there AUD 2 million or AUD 3 million of G&A and maybe a little bit of interest on the license to sort of come down to that AUD 4 million, AUD 5 million sort of range? We – appreciate that we haven't given all the colors today. I would say fairly small overall in the context of the group. But you're right. There will be  (01:05:05) has to come out of that number as well. Okay. Yeah. I know it's a small number, but just want to get a sense and you're going to report it separately both ends of it. Yeah. We'll report it in a separate segment. Like we said it will – Rob will run that business as Managing Director and will sit alongside JB and The Good Guys. Thank you. Can I ask on the way you're reporting it, the 75%. I assume you're going to report 100% of the earnings and then there will be a put-and-call option on the balance sheet side that moves up and down. Is that the way it'll be reported?   (01:05:42) how we account for the put-and-call. To your point, probably we have to recognize 100% in having a non-controlling interest for the remaining 25%. Okay. Cool. Thanks, guys. Next question comes from Mark Wade with CLSA. Please go ahead. Thank you, and well done on the results. Just on these legal proceedings that are afoot, is it just a bit of a case of bit of bad luck to have two in a row there or do you think there's something more deeper going on governance-wise that may be too aggressive on things that's led to that situation? Just bad luck. Okay. Does it change the practices in the businesses today? We've got a really strong compliance program in here. But it doesn't – of course, it makes you just review and just be – make sure that you're comfortable with it. But, we hold ourselves to a pretty high, I'll say, very high account internally. But, it doesn't stop you from just going back and revisiting and just being really sure that you have – that your compliance is up scratching. Again, we feel it is but we just remind ourselves. Okay. And just to clarify, you would have been incurred some cost today that you've just expensed that and there's no provision taken more generally for any future costs right? Yes correct. Yeah. Okay. All right. Thanks so much. The next question comes from Ross Curran with Macquarie. Please go ahead.   (01:07:20). But just to stay on New Zealand, you've committed to opening another five stores this year that the business is still sort of hovering around break even. Is it progressing to planned that the store rollouts and when can we expect that business to start contributing to the overall group? Yeah. Look, it's, obviously we'd like to have seen the gross margin come up a bit stronger, but that's as much a function of just how tough it is in New Zealand and being competitive. We're seeing good sales growth so, it's good to say getting growth out of that business has been really pleasing. We, you know well how others are performing over there and to get that comp is really good. Now, it's all about leveraging those sales. It's all about working with suppliers, putting in stretch rebates, doing deals, leveraging the volumes we've got and growing the gross margin in that business. And then they will start seeing some improvement. And then just  (01:08:31) e&s, do you need to put any more capital in just in terms of rebuilding inventory that into the business? It will require the some capital investments, yeah, so it will require some inventory and we will be – as Terry talked about, we will be looking to grow the business. So there'll be some capital investments from a CapEx perspective as well. Okay. Thank you. The next question is a follow-up question from Michael Simotas with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Thanks. Thanks very much for taking another one. I just wanted to clarify something. It looks like your software sales in JB HI-FI Australia were abnormally low in the second half. I think it fell a bit below 3% of sales and fell 30% year-on-year. I just want to check, firstly, is that just rounding missing up that math and also is that the run rate going forward or was there something unusual that happened in that half? Just thinking about implications for gross margin. I just can't recall, but I would put it down if – we haven't looked in great detail, but it would be software releases or gaming... It would be gaming. Gaming, there was we went cycling, some software releases from the previous year. And we knew that was going to have an impact on the category. And obviously that's what you're seeing and you're seeing that play out. Yeah, because it just – it just makes that second half gross margin seem even stronger in that context, I suppose. Yeah, I think you've got to remember that gaming software released last year, so it's not particularly good gross margin. So... That's fair enough. ...it's one particular game. And so that gaming category was down like 50% in Q4 as a result of not cycling that file the year before. Yeah. All right, now that's helpful. Thank you. Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand the conference back for closing remarks. Well, thank you. Thanks, everyone for your time today. I really appreciate it. And no doubt we'll be seeing some of you out on the road. Thank you very much. That does concluded our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            