
            Management Discussion: Good morning, and welcome to Lifestyle Communities Investor Analyst Conference Call. My name is Anita Addorisio, Company Secretary of Lifestyle and moderator for this call. This webinar will be recorded for the benefit of those who are unable to attend today, and the webcast will be available upon request. Please be advised our conference call will strictly be limited to one hour this morning due to the number of attendees. We will endeavor to address as many questions as possible during this time. We encourage you to contact the company via the Investor Centre available on the company's website, should you have any queries following today's update. Our presenters today are Managing Director, James Kelly; and Chief Financial Officer, Darren Rowland, who will provide an update on the FY 2024 year end results as released to the market yesterday evening. This will be followed by a Q&A session for which I'll now outline the procedure as presented on your screen.  Please note that questions received via the Q&A function, which are of similar nature will be grouped and answered at the appropriate time. I now invite our Managing Director, James Kelly, for his presentation. Over to you, James. Thank you so much, Anita, and thanks so much for joining the call and for your interest in our business. It's certainly been a big year for Lifestyle with the business continue to grow with the acquisition of new sites and also the launch of new projects. At the same time, market conditions in Victoria have been challenging and did deteriorate as the year progressed. The residential property market felt the effects of continued high inflation with median house prices moderating or declining in most catchments during the year. These factors had a significant impact on consumer confidence with many customers expressing interest in downsizing, but preferring not to commit in the current climate. Now is not the time, was one of the biggest statements that our team heard again and again, particularly in the second half of FY 2024. Despite these challenges, we achieved 375 new home sales, which is the fourth highest result in our history and also end up just slightly above our predicted range of 311 new home settlements. This result in a challenging market is a testament to the resilience of our DMF model and how strongly it continues to resonate with customers. In February 2024, we announced a AUD 275 million fully underwritten rights issue. The funds raised have been used to pay down debt and fortified balance sheet in the short term. Longer term, the capital enables to consider land acquisitions opportunities created by the challenging conditions. Of the five sites that we mentioned at the time of the raise, we've acquired one of these sites in Armstrong Creek, still considering two more of these, but are not proceeding with the other two at this stage. At the same time, we remain disciplined in the deployment of the capital raise, continue to focus on balance sheet strength. The land lease sector continues to build awareness as an asset class. We saw a number of corporate transactions and new entrants in FY 2024. Demand for assets remained strong and this contributed to asset  (00:03:45) steady overall despite the change in the macro environment. We continue to see new entrants enter the market in Victoria, each with their own unique offering and commercial model. We work actively with these new players as we collectively continue to educate the sizable addressable market on the advantages of the land lease model and the benefits of downsizing. Lifestyle Communities modeled not making development surplus upfront but charging deferred management upon exit means we're able to price our homes as low as possible. We've always preferred the DMF model because it lowers the upfront entry cost for people buying into one of our communities, making them more affordable. This enables customers to release more equity to supplement their lifestyle.  (00:04:29) time typically assists with paying the DMF, and in FY 2024, capital growth was 10% or 9.9% on settlements, 9.5% – 9.2%, sorry, which goes to show the strength of what we're actually doing with our communities, the way we're looking at after our communities. Customers who sold their homes in FY 2024 did so in an average of 63 days and made an average profit of AUD 88,000 after paying the DMF. Most operators in Victoria have a DMF and the legislation in Victoria supports this model. We were excited to ramp up the operations of Club Lifestyle during the year and have recently completed construction of the dedicated pool, recreational facilities, sporting facilities and Private Beach. Our homes provided extremely strong feedback after enjoying a free holiday at this beautiful coastal resort. And there's no doubt it creates a unique point of difference. It helps drive sales and referrals. We finished the year with 3,860 settled homes under management across 24 operating communities. With our most recent land acquisition in Armstrong Creek, our total portfolio of completed homes under development and yet to be developed increased to 6,563. I'd now like to pass to Darren Rowland to go through the financial results. Thanks, James. As usual, a big thanks to our team this year, who've done a strong job in quite difficult circumstances. As James mentioned, the market was tough and it got increasingly tough as the year went on. New home settlements for this year were slightly lower than last year, finishing at 311 compared to 356 the year before. And this was the main driver of the decrease in profit from AUD 71 million in FY 2023 to AUD 53 million in FY 2024. The other thing that affected profit this year other than settlements was the increased marketing cost for the new projects that we launched. So these costs always hit the P&L as incurred, but the settlement revenue for these projects comes later. So there'll always be a sort of a lag effect when we're launching new projects, and that's definitely driven that increase in the project management, sales and marketing cost line item in the P&L. The other major change we did this year was renegotiate the debt facility. So that increased the facility size from AUD 525 million up to AUD 700 million. And as a result of that, the facility fees have increased as we got the carrying cost of that new debt facility. If we jump to the next slide, we've added a couple of new slides this year, just to give a bit more color on some of the moving parts and trying to help people with some of the more common questions that we get. Fair value adjustments is one that we get a lot. So we've broken this down into three buckets. So the first two buckets are within our control, and that relates to the rental increases that we put through, which are inflation-linked. I think best way to think about this is it's relative to the number of homes under management in the portfolio, and we've included that detail at the top of the chart on the right there. The second bucket is fair value adjustments created when we settle new home, and this effectively converts undeveloped land into an annuity stream, which consists of the rental and the DMF. The best way to think about that is it's relative to the number of new home settlements. So this year, AUD 38.2 million came from 311 new home settlements. The third bucket we get is changes in market value caused by our independent valuation process, which looks at market factors, which are typically outside of our control, and we've separated that out at the bottom there. So everyone can see the impact. And you can see in prior years, the bucket three has been quite large at AUD 39.2 million in FY 2022, AUD 15 million in FY 2023, but negative AUD 4 million in FY 2024, which just shows valuations in the market are holding pretty steady at the moment. If we jump to the next slide, the balance sheet. Obviously, we've had the equity raise, which has been paid down against the debt in the short-term. The other big change this year is the increase in inventories and that's predominantly driven by the number of new projects that we've got in the market. So typically, when we launch new projects, we straight into the civil program and early works, this goes to the balance sheet initially. So we'll get a spike in inventories as we work through those new projects. There's a bit more detail on the next page. So I'll park inventories for the minute. We've also got quite a number of land settlements coming up, which are detailed on the left-hand side of this slide. With estimated timings, there are some contractual conditions which need to be met so the timing can move around a little bit. But broadly, that's what we're expecting at this stage. If we jump to the next slide, we just work through inventory quickly. As I said before, when we launch new projects, the civil works go to the balance sheet initially as we build out inventory. And then as we start to settle homes, we release that inventory to cost of goods sold. We provided a detailed breakdown this year by project, as well as including a phasing of which – of the status that each project is in. So you can see on the table on the right-hand side there, we're either in inventory release phase or inventory accumulate phase. So accumulate means we're sort of in the early works phase, we're still spending, we haven't yet got to the point where we can start settling homes in a meaningful way, so that the inventory balance is likely to increase for that project. And release means that we've sort of got past the tipping point of the early works, settlement cadence is starting to increase and the inventory balance for that project will start to decrease over time. Over on the right-hand side, we've included some detail around the number of ready-to-move homes that we carry. As a general rule of thumb and this does vary each month with each project. But as a general rule of thumb, we try to carry roughly 25 completed homes by project. So this allows us to give customers a choice if they want to move in quicker. They can pick a display home or if they don't want to go through the process of customizing their home, they can choose one of the ones that we've pre-built. Typically, we pre-build homes to help with the build program. So in the street, if there's 20 homes, and we've sold 15, we will build the other five so that we don't leave gaps in the street and create  (00:11:22) build. This helps us manage the look and feel of the community as we're settling out in the early phases. So when looking at these stock levels, most projects are in line with our sort of 25% rule of thumb except for Deanside. Deanside was a project where we built up a lot of stock during COVID. We ran that project slightly differently to how we typically manage projects just because of the unusual times. And we're just working our way through that stock at the moment. So that will eventually be sold down over time. If we jump to the next slide there. So, on the cash flow, a very heavy cash year for us as we've pre-flagged in the past with all those new projects launching and many projects in that inventory accumulation phase, our development cash flows of AUD 118 million. I've got a bit more detail on the development cash flows on the next page, so I'll get to that in a minute. On the annuity cash flows, you can see that the annuity continues to increase as we've got more homes under management. This year, the margin in that community part of the business held firm, and that was a testament to the inflation-linked rental increases. So ultimately, allows us to serve that margin as cost increases come through. And down the bottom, you can see AUD 77 million worth of land settlements in this year. Next year, that's likely to be higher as flagged on the balance sheet slide. If we jump to the next page, what we've done here is provided some more detail on the net development cash flows by project. And it's interesting when you look at this half-on-half because you can see in half one we spent roughly AUD 95 million as those new projects launched and those early works came through, but the cash flow profile changed quite dramatically in the second half as projects moved past their peak development phase and into their sort of settlement recovery phase. So in particular, if you have a look at the change half-on-half for Meridian and Bellarine, you can see Meridian, we spent AUD 12 million net in the first half but recovered AUD 28 million in the second half. In Bellarine, we spent AUD 19 million net in the first half and recovered AUD 13 million in the second half. So as we look forward, we've got those projects at the top there,  (00:13:45) Meridian and Bellarine will continue to recover capital as the settlements come through. And we'll also have Woodlea, Riverfield and Phillip Island transitioning out of that sort of peak construction phase into the recovery phase. So this development cash flow chart will look quite different when we get to the same period next year. We've also got down the bottom there Merrifield. So Merrifield has been paused for a number of reasons. The market conditions in that catchment were particularly challenging as well as some of the developments around us didn't progress as quickly as we had initially anticipated which meant that site became a  (00:14:24). So we've finished the civil works there. And we'll continue to pause that project for the moment until conditions improve. So there will be no more money spent on that project in the near-term. With Yarrawonga and Ocean Grove, both of those projects are currently in the civil phase. And what we plan to do there is continue through the civil phase until we reach a natural pause point. At that point, we're going to assess market conditions and the pre-sales performance and then determine whether we press forward with clubhouse and housing construction or whether we pause those similar to Meridian, so we'll keep everyone updated once we get through those programs. Finally, on the debt, had a lot of questions about ICR covenant this year. So we've published the calculation for everyone on the bottom. The plan this year as we sort of flagged in the presentation is to really be quite prudent with the balance sheet. Those decisions that we've made around pausing projects and considering whether we move forward with Yarrawonga and Ocean Grove are all around assessing market conditions and sales rates as we go. As we've said over the years, we've got a cyclical business. And we've been through a number of cycles overtime including  GFC (00:15:45). We've been through the 2018 property slowdown, which is driven by the APRA changes. We've had COVID. We're very alive to the levers that we've got to manage the balance sheet. We can speed developments up. And we can slow them down. So we are watching all of those levers closely at the moment particularly with sales performance post the recent media coverage. So that's the plan going forward is to really keep an eye on things. It's a little bit too early for us to tell exactly how sales performance is going to go post the events of July and James is going to touch on that in a bit more detail in a minute. But the message is we're going to keep things pretty prudent until we get more certainty for the short term. Longer term, still very confident in the model. There's still shortage of affordable housing. There's huge demand for this type of product. We're big believers in the DMF model because it creates an affordable option for people to downsize and free up as much equity as possible to help fund their retirement. So medium term, we are still high conviction on the model. We've just got to get through some short-term challenges. So that's it from me, James. I'll pass it back to you. Thank you, Darren. Look, as Darren said, we're very cognizant of the headwinds currently facing the business including the impact of that recent what we said was unbalanced media coverage and the continued softness also in the  residual (00:17:14) property market in Victoria.  It's still yet to be determined (00:17:17) the impact of the agency story on the 15th of July. And we believe that probably only about 5% of our deposit holders have canceled as a result of this program, which is good. Also, early days, but we are still seeing the same amount of  (00:17:33) coming through the business, but it's just converting this to appointments that has been slower. And people wanting to take a bit longer to think about this decision, particularly as they've been probably influenced by aspects of that story. There's no doubt it will have an impact on demand for our business and with customers who are looking for  (00:17:56) a decision and now have a stronger one. As a result, we have pulled our forward-looking guidance as a consequence. We're also running a rule around the business to strengthen the balance sheet as well as trim the sales to make sure we optimize resourcing for the year to come. Some of these initiatives that Darren mentioned, some of these that are in place or we're bringing into place include  (00:18:19) to sell through our inventories, deaccelerate the land acquisition program which Darren mentioned, ensure build plans for communities match known market demand. So we're pulling those levers around build rates and those sort of things. A big focus with our marketing is rebuilding brand trust through homeowner testimonies and other means. And again, as mentioned, rightsizing the business and overheads to match what we predict will be the demand. We're also proposing an independent expert to run a rule over the business to review what was raised in the VCAT applications as well as media coverage and looking forward to seeing the results of this review. We're still waiting for VCAT to get back to us. We're a date for the VCAT case to be heard and we expect this to occur in the next 12 months. We're just mindful that this VCAT case is not determining the legality of a DMF in Victoria, which we're very comfortable about. This is whether we're able to charge DMF as a result of our particular form of contract. And again, we've had this review and feel very, very comfortable with respect to this. We're also very confident that the Victorian government has a strong understanding of the benefits of the DMF model. And the industry association is actually meeting with the minister next week, Minister of Consumer Affairs, to reinforce the benefits of being able to create more affordable housing in Victoria which is exactly what the government is looking for by having a DMF. It has been a rough six months and one we are not looking to repeat anytime soon and for one, which I genuinely apologize to you, our shareholders and also our wonderful homeowners. The core business that I set up to build – set out to build 21 years ago is still the same about 5,500 homeowners living in 3,860 homes across 24 communities who have changed their lives to downsize and live at a Lifestyle Communities. The strength of the operating business remains incredibly strong, we will leverage this to rebuild customer shareholder trust now by now, wall by all, home by home to get Lifestyle back on track to be the wonderful company that it is. This will take some time, but it's the only focus of the whole Lifestyle team. I would also like to thank our owners, our talented team, our suppliers and our shareholders for their great support during the 2024 financial year. I'd also like to thank Philippa Kelly for her remarkable service for the business over so many years. I wish her also all the very best for the future. We are very lucky to have David Blight to be able to take over the Chair and help map the next stage of our journey. Thank you for that. And, Anita, I'd love to pass back for any questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you, both James and Darren. We now welcome your questions and we'll commence by addressing verbal questions before taking your written questions. We do note we have received a couple of questions prior to the conference call which have been addressed as part of the presentation. Just a reminder to please raise your hand icon should you wish to ask a question or log your question in the Q&A box located at the bottom of your screen. So we have Chris from Goldman Sachs who has a question. Chris, please proceed with your question. Yeah, good morning. I'm Chris Gawler from Goldman Sachs. James, Darren, can you hear me okay? Yes. Absolutely. Good morning, Chris. How are you? Great. Yeah. Good morning, guys. Just firstly, in terms of the settlement trading update that you provided, do you mind reminding us what the settlements were at this time last year? And then also, James, interested if you could give a bit more color in terms of what customers are saying to you since the media reports? Yeah. First, on the settlements for July, this year is actually higher than last year, Chris, but marginally, I think, top of my head, the July number was about  20 (00:22:13) last year. So we're slightly ahead on settlements this year. And, Chris, to your other question, most of our customers, because it was so one-sided and biased – most customers we talk to didn't believe it, which is a good news. And the ones that are buying are saying we thought it was complete rubbish. We actually think it's going to lean in and really help our referral as well because our homeowners are now sort of having to justify their decision, kind of in a way over-justifying it, which means that might be more influential on people who are looking to downsize to Lifestyle Communities. So I think the thing that it's probably hard to predict is the children of the homeowners are quite big influences on the decision of our homeowners to downsize. So it's also trying to reach out to them to try and rebuild their trust in our brand. And that's part of our new marketing focus is to reach out and tap into them as well. Yeah. Sure. And then on the 228 homes that are sold and available for settlement in FY 2025, what's the timing of completions of those homes? Is it more 1H-weighted or how should we think about that? Well, the homes themselves are progressively sort of built throughout the year, Chris, just logically flowing the urban plan at each community. Settlements for us are typically second half-weighted for a couple of reasons. Over the last few years, we've had new projects launching or commencing settlements for the first time in the second half, and you can see sort of on this dot plot to the right here, we've got Riverfield – Ridgelea commencing settlements in the second half here. So that will naturally lend itself to a second half weighting. The other thing we do see a little bit of seasonality because a lot of our homeowners are moving in list their homes for sale in the spring in Melbourne, and then that ultimately takes them through a market process which gets them settling with us in the first quarter of the second half. So we do get a little bit of natural second half  skew (00:24:30). Yes. Sure. And then final question on the review of the business model, James, when do you expect that review to be completed? And will it consider whether you should still charge a DMF on future projects? It's not really part of the review whether we do, do not charge DMF. I think the question for us, without that as our preferred model, has been for 21 years. We only had one major entrant in the Victoria market is not charging DMF, and that's kind of what's stimulated part of that story is as if that was the only way to go. I guess the question is, Chris, do we think about giving the option to charge DMF upfront or the option to pay it when you leave. So you could say pay 20% upfront or pay 20% when you leave for choice. I think that's more where it will steer us, Chris, in looking at maybe the communication around how it's charged and giving people optionality around that. Okay. Thanks, guys. I'll jump back in the queue. Thank you, Chris. We now have Suraj from Citi on the line wanting to ask a question. Suraj, please commence with your question. Thank you. Good morning, James, Darren. A quick question, we know the settlement numbers but I think, James, in your prepared remarks, you alluded to some cancellation numbers as well, 5% of deposit canceled. Is it possible for you to talk about the sales rate like the confirmed sales and maybe cancellations versus prior periods? Yeah. I think – Suraj, it's Darren here. Good morning. Good morning. Interestingly, what's going on post the media story, they're sort of on the positive side, the deposit holders have largely stuck. So as James sort of said, circa 5% cancellations and the rest have stuck with us which is a real positive and probably shows that, I guess, how the business was portrayed in the media isn't representative of the experience that those customers have had and certainly that would be our perspective. Where it's interesting is on the headline inquiry front, the numbers are okay. We're still seeing headline inquiry. But where we have seen a drop-off is in face-to-face appointments. So that's kind of as people move down the funnel, they typically start an initial inquiry, do a bit of research on the website. They might talk to the contact center and then booking a face-to-face appointment to come to site, have a look and meet one of our sales team. Those leads are the warmest leads and, typically, convert to a deposit next. And with a drop off in that, it suggests that people are just holding off. They're doing a bit more research. Yeah, they might be slightly cautious. And that's a bit that's challenging for us because it more than likely indicates that we're going to have a slower sales cadence in the near-term, but difficult to predict at this stage exactly how long that's going to go for. So obviously, a challenge on for us to get out there as much information on the website as we can, I mean our website has always been quite transparent, but trying to make sure as much information is there for people to get comfortable with any questions that they might have. But also being mindful that things just might take a little bit longer in this current climate. Sure. Okay. I understand. And that cancellation rate, Darren, is that pretty normal like the 5% or is it sort of higher than normal that you're seeing? It's definitely higher than normal. I think we've always got cancellations from time to time. So as, I guess, a rough rule of thumb, when we're at the AUD 500 deposit stage, our cancellation rates run sort of 25% to 30%. But when we get to the AUD 5,000 sort of nonrefundable stage, the cancellation rate is much lower. We definitely had a one-off sort of spike in cancellations post the media story running. But that has settled down a little bit now, and we're sort of getting back into our normal cadence. It actually all could – it was in the first week we lost some deposits and then it's really dropped off. We've actually spoke with all  220 (00:29:08) homeowners who are still waiting to settle and they're all solid, saying, yeah, no, we do believe the story and we're actually rock solid to continue. If you've made a decision to change your life, it's quite a big decision, and it's less about a home. So it's about that you're sort of already planning life ahead as you saw it. So it's not sort of – it's not a transactional decision. It's more around, I think, the story, as difficult to believe as it was, has certainly spooked a few but most are sticking. Sure. And I think the other thing – so I think the other thing was there was – it's good to hear from you guys around the key focus points near-term. I'm just wanting to get a bit more detail on when you say rightsizing the team for the current sales environment, what exactly does that mean? And can you sort of provide some quantum around expectations for, let's say, overheads or sales and marketing into next year – in FY 2025 rather? Working through it and, again, this is four weeks. So four weeks old or four and a half weeks old. So, yeah, we took some steps already at the end of July around that, trimmed back corporate overheads and looked at some key team members. But we've got a little way to go on that, Suraj, going forward. So, yeah – but what we're doing is going to be fairly quick and meaningful in terms of just rightsizing the business to reflect sort of current demand. Yeah. Are you – so maybe just one more question for you, James, given the current sales environment, are there any particular communities that you're sort of pulling off, that you had already put to market or is there anything like that? Or like we had this big ramp-up of communities starting to be starting to be sold, I guess, into FY 2025, does that still remain the same or do we expect any change to the timing of those releases? I think we mentioned it. Yeah. If you jump to slide 25, Suraj, we've sort of called out there that Merrifield, we have put on pause, but that was before the current, I guess, the media story. The two that we've got on watch are Yarrawonga and Ocean Grove II only because those two are the earliest in the journey and present us with the best opportunity to take a pause if we need to. Yarrawonga has got about a month and a bit to go on its civil program. Ocean Grove has got a little bit longer than that. So, we're just going to watch the sales performance over the next couple of months and see how that goes. And if we need to, we can take a pause at those projects before we launch into the next big wave of development spend which is club houses and the early housing. And so those are the three that will sort of slowdown in the short-term. Okay. All right. I'll leave it there. I can probably come back later if there's a bit more of an opportunity. Thank you. Thank you, Suraj. Next, we have Tom from UBS. Tom, please proceed for your question. Sorry. Good morning, James and Darren. Can you hear me? Yeah. Hi, Tom. Hi, Tom. Hi. I was just interested in your potential – you've sort of put your future land payments in the schedule of those land payments. What obligations do you have to purchase that land? Or is there sort of scope to push them out if market conditions don't sort of improve? No, it's more than likely those land payments will proceed. So, the obligations are more around obligations on the vendor or to deliver services and things like that to us. So, from our perspective, those land payments will all proceed. Okay. So, you don't have a -- like you don't have an  (00:33:25) if they do what they're obligated to do essentially? No, not a headline level. I mean, it's very complicated when you get into those land contracts. But in principle, no, we're going to proceed with those land payments. I think the flip of that, Tom, is that they're really strategic sites for us moving forward. And we look at balance sheet capacity very, very comfortable that it can actually pick up the settlements of those sites and that is keeping going forward. So, yes, they're strategic for future growth, for sure. And then just on Merrifield, when you pause a project like that, do you keep capitalizing interest? Or do you sort of, at some point, start expensing it so that you don't have – create a problem down the road if time drags and makes the project harder and make viable? That's right, Tom. We don't capitalize interest into a paused project because, it's exactly as you say, we don't want to make it unviable long-term. At the moment, with the equity raise and the debt being paid down in the short term, the interest that's being capitalized is going across the other projects. And that's sufficient to cover the interest build that we're paying without sort of changing the economics of those projects. So we're not capitalizing anything into Merrifield at the moment. Right. But it's fair to say there'll be no interest expense in this year? Nothing over and above what we've had in the past. So, we've always got a little bit going through that P&L line which is the facility fees and amortization of the establishment fees, et cetera, plus any interest on deposits and things for projects that are not yet started. So, there's a little bit that goes through the P&L, but most of it goes through the balance sheet. Okay. Great. Thanks. And then on your cancellations, I calculated sort of net 19 cancellations post balance date. Just be interested in understanding have there been any sales post balance date? So, therefore, what are your gross cancellations? So, we always run a cancellation rate anyway on deposits, that's just part of the business. And that sits at sort of consider 20% to 25% on deposits because it's a AUD 500 fully refundable deposit. It's something we watch very closely. But, no, we've still been selling post the media release. And I guess the big thing for us is to sort of start rebuilding trust with those customers and sort of start to increase sales. So it's just an ongoing journey for us to sort of get rebuild that trend – that brand trust. So what are you changing in your sort of discussions with customers? I understand there's a review, but today, what's different? So the review is -- I just want to make sure that – I don't want to  (00:36:22) for this review is if something dramatic is going to change. This is looking just really trying to roll over the business as a result of this sort of media coverage and a result of this  (00:36:32) just to ensure that all our declarations are really, really transparent. Our marketing information is really transparent that we're giving all the information that we can to a customer and we're really, really clear about it. On the DMF, we have four individual checkpoints, people understanding the DMF. When they put their first AUD 500 deposit down, they sign acknowledgement form that they understand our fees. Then the next deposit, they sign another acknowledgement form  (00:37:05) fees. We actually sit down with every customer and read through the agreement and then they sign an acknowledgement form after that to say they fully understood their fees as well as giving them a  (00:37:16) notification on the fees as well. So I don't think anyone in the program, by the way, ever thought they didn't know what they had to pay. This is more about trying to avoid paying it by claiming our contract is not correct. So that's what more that's about. In terms of what we're doing in terms of – with customers, there's a list of 20 things which I won't take everyone through. It's long and intensive. But in terms of – one of the best things is that we've been inundated by homeowners, not only written to the ABC or the rest of it but they have also inundated us with one or two testimonials around how fantastic it is to live at Lifestyle Communities. So we're in process of shooting those. The first one is coming off the block late last week, and they were quite extraordinary actually. In terms of really got into why people downsized, we saw that changing their lives, not selling a home or buying a home. And then we've got a whole range of – we're changing the nurture journeys on our sales force for those that don't come on deposit. We've sort of taken them through a different nurture journey so that they understand and build trust in the brand. We're looking into different marketing channels in terms of getting those type of testimonials out as well. Yeah. Look, it's a long list. I won't go through them, Tom, but, yeah, we've pivoted very, very quickly with our marketing to make sure that we're – it's really about our brand, building the trust back in the brand, which is really what the ABC in terms of that coverage, that was the real damage they did to us. Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just a final one around margins going down in development. You called out  (00:39:05) settlement volumes increased interest costs. Just be interested in how you see that sort of flowing into 2025, given the slower sales environment you're seeing today and also the higher rate environment we're sort of in? Yeah. There's a little bit of a true-up effect when we get increases in our forecast because the interest that's capitalized and the infrastructure costs are all expensed on a pro rata basis per settlement. So if the developments already got 150 settlements done and we get some cost increases, we do a true-up for the 150 that have gone before. So that's what sort of knocked the margin around a little bit this time. Going forward, it really does depend what happens on the forecast cost to complete and as long as we continue to recover those costs through the sales prices, then the margins will sort of revert to type or even they sort of recover over time the true-up effect. So given that we haven't really changed the model and we're not really doing anything different with how we run the projects, we'll expect that margin to sort of ebb and flow a little bit over time, but should hold pretty steady. And so there's been no major production issues or issues with Todd Devine? No. Production is going great actually. Todd, as always, doesn't miss a beat. So no issues on the production side of things. It's really just managing demand. So trying to dial – and this is one of the benefits of Todd is he's really joined at the hip with us in terms of dialing up and down the build rates as we need to as things have sort of slowed. Equally, he can respond very quickly if sales pick up or if the market picks up and we get a run on sales rate. So, yeah, that relationship is as strong as ever, and we're working closely with Todd on these projects that are sort of having more dramatic shifts than usual, I guess. Okay. Great. Thanks.  (00:41:01). Thanks. Thank you, Tom. And, look, just mindful of time, so we ask if you could please just limit your questions to two just to allow everyone the opportunity for a chat. So next, we have Warren from Canaccord. Warren, please proceed with your question. Good day, James and Darren. Hey, Warren. Yes. Just on the deposit again, were the deposits that were pulled confine to a number of sites or a geographical region or is it pretty broad-based Pretty broad-based. Yeah. It was. Yeah. And you might be looking at two or three on a project like they were widespread. It's quite understandable too, but it was a pretty brutal program. So I'm a little surprised it probably wasn't even it bit more. But again, our team are really on the front foot around this and ringing home owners the next day and reassuring that nothing has changed and what was claimed on that program was totally false. So yes, the only one that's sort of in the program  is just think about (00:42:07) making homes where rent is still paid, which is common across the whole industry and councils, banks, all charge, estates, various charges, even if you have a rental property  (00:42:19) corporate fee. So that was the only one I think for our homeowners was a bit surprising, but only because they haven't thought about it. But we accrue that and then charge it on the – in price of the home and if they want to move, we don't charge interest on that. So slightly we've handled it. And just to cover off just on the 20 new homes settled, was that just July or that is as at the 12th of August, so it was a six-week period? Yes. Yes, it's 27  (00:42:50), Warren To the 12th of August, right, over six weeks. And the 20 is against that exact same timeframe. No, the 20 I referred to earlier was just July last year. July. Okay, okay. Yes. We didn't – I don't have the breakdown of August partway through the month. Sorry, mate. Yes, but they're probably somewhat aligned in on... Yes. I mean, typically, for us, these winter months are slower months anyway because it's – the property market in Melbourne is seasonally slower. Yes, that's fine. Thanks for that  color, James (00:43:24). Thank you, Warren. I'll now hand over to Rushil from Ord Minnett. Rushil, please proceed with your question. Good morning, James and Darren. Can you hear me? Hi, Rushil. How is it going? Good. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just a couple from me. So maybe just starting – I know the question was asked on your development costs. I'm just wondering that – I know the development costs typically  (00:43:49) of projects. Given that you've now paused, I guess, bearing  expense at the top (00:43:53) of your projects, just considering that caused also any potential increase in marketing cost that you might need to put through the business, just given the recent media coverage, I guess, can you just talk to us about the profile for the development cost over the next five to eight years? Would you continue despite the – I guess, pausing those projects, do we still expect growth in that development cost line? Also very mindful we're four weeks into this. So before we start solving the whole business for the next couple of years, we've just got to try and work through what the true impact of this is. Certainly by pausing projects, we save marketing costs, by pausing projects, we save interest costs. So that's very prudent, just in light of what's happened. I think the other thing with the model, Rushil, is we recovered those sales and marketing costs through the sales prices of the home. So we're still very mindful of preserving that because we, I guess, turn the tap on hard, that just pushes up house prices, which ultimately makes selling harder. So that's one of the good discipline that's in the business is trying to make sure that we managed that marketing spend very effectively. It will continue with brand marketing. We'll continue to take expressions of interest on those projects. We'll continue to sort of promote them on the website, those sorts of things. What we won't be doing is sort of the more expensive stuff with Meta or Google or that sort of marketing. Any of the local area stuff, we'll still have some sign boarding on the site, but we won't be doing billboards or radio or anything like that in the local catchment. We'll just preserve as much of those marketing budgets for each of those projects as we can so that we can turn it on hard again when we relaunch. Perfect. And maybe just the second question. Obviously, the market backdrop has been quite challenging over the past 12 months. So you've talked about two factors, potentially relaunching some of those paused communities and also working through inventory. So  (00:45:53) ask firstly, what type of  (00:45:55) to see in order to relaunch  (00:45:57) being paused? And secondly, in terms of working through inventory, do you intend – do you have any incentives in place or intend to put to offer any incentives or working through inventory really just a matter of matching construction time lines with the market conditions? On the latter question, will be both. So yes, we just buy if we don't build up too much inventory. So yes, we've sort of round the dial down on construction to make sure we can serve that. Yes,  (00:46:32) a couple of really interesting initiatives around some more aging stock. So watch this space as we go into September into spring. And they're sort of just  clever select (00:46:46) campaigns that we've just been developing up over the last two weeks. And your first question, Rushil, was... Just in relation to what you need to see in terms of relaunching communities... Yes. Just want to start to see more positivity in the property market. So at the moment, it's – Victoria is a little bleak on the property market. We're not seeing average house price growth  (00:47:15) that's remained pretty flat, if not very slightly negative, particularly those particular projects are located, Ocean Grove, which is pretty beachside market and Yarrawonga on the Murray River, you just want to see that market come back a bit before we start getting back into market again. So you want to see sort of property house price growth and just more positive sentiment. Okay. Can I just – one last quick follow-up on that one. Now the – particularly some of those homes and I guess the beach side, so there's a – where the  (00:47:54) homes are located and impacted by the land tax. Do you think the land tax impact fees, the land taxes introduced  (00:48:00) system? Or do you have any idea or any estimates  (00:48:06) work its way through the system?   (00:48:10) which shows it's caused more people to put their beach house on the market, particularly sort of young families who bought a beach house, thought they could afford it, then after sort of interest rate rises and now the land tax on beach houses, it's meant that that's no longer affordable. So that's seen a lot of stock go into those markets, particularly Phillip Island and down the Bellarine. That's slowly getting worked through, though, and our homes are still selling, existing homes down those markets. It has actually filling up, opened up a new market for us, because with land tax exempt. So if you want the best beaches in the world, where you can lock and leave, someone does your front gardens, you've got some amazing facilities, you're next to the beach, quite a lifestyle, the most affordable beach house you will see. So yes, so we're not – we're also  (00:49:05) summer campaign. We are working a little bit of that, just billboard work and other things. So let's say, one door closes, other opens so  (00:49:14). That's an opportunity for us. Okay. Thanks for answering my questions. I'll leave it there. Thank you, Rushil. We will now move to Andy from Bell Potter. Andy, please proceed with your question. Andy, are you there? If not, we might just go to another speaker. Hi there. Can you hear me? Perfect. Yes. Hi, Andy. How is it going? Apologies. Hi, guys. But just one question for me. A lot of color, obviously, around cancellations, it's helpful, but just wondering how you're thinking about the sales rate going forward. I know you're giving a bit of color on the market is still being challenging. But what are you kind of assuming for sales rate on a per month basis, if we look forward this year and into the next year or two? It's really tough, Andy, again, 4.5 weeks out. So gives a bit of time, and we'll work that one out. So it's not like we've stopped dead. It's, again, queries the same as it was. It's now just a matter of seeing what the conversion rates are. So watch this space. And I guess just in terms of the cancellations you – sorry, the contracts do you have on hand, you're talking about you've seen a little bit of cancellation, but are you kind of assuming a level of that on what you have to hand today for FY 2025 and 2026? We've really reached that too. Most of the ones actually canceled by the way were certainly in FY 2026. Once FY 2025 was sort of on a mission to recede and settle, so most of the ones did cancel were a long way out going, let me have a bit of rethink about this. Having spoken to them all, we're sort of confident of getting them back, the decision was taken quickly in the first week. But with the  (00:51:18) I should say more the point now is not the time. So yes, we expect to get most of them back over time. But yes, post that first week, we haven't seen cancellation rates continue for that reason. I know we had one established home deposit cancel. I've actually been picking up the phone, talking directly to some of them, and I've saved two. It was really just uncertainty around the model and were – what they were saying on the ABC correct, and it was actually pretty easy to re-explain. Again,  (00:52:00) you usually have 5,500 homeowners who back you and referral rates up to 50%. There's a lot to like, and therefore, a lot to disbelieve or not believe in the ABC story. I mean, we're only a number of weeks in, but you've historically had a very high referral rate from existing residents. Have you got a sense of kind of the referral rate of what you're seeing post and do you have an assumption around what that might model look like going forward? Here's an interesting stat. So we supplied this to the ABC, but they, for whatever reason, didn't run it. But we had nine sales – eight sales that  were alert (00:52:40) in the month of June and seven of those were referred, which is sort of ironic. Interestingly enough, we've made a couple of sales that  were alert (00:52:49) this month, so essentially  (00:52:52) you think wouldn't sell would be alert where all the attention was focused. Referrals, I mean, I think, referrals will just get stronger to be honest, Andy, because you've got people who really believe the model, and therefore, will go out and help market. We just reduced – we just launched a new referral scheme, which we're doing anyway, and it's an absolute cracker really, really interesting so that gets launched in the next week – or sorry, yes, it's launched on Monday actually. I'm actually going to every community in September and October and meeting with all the homeowners, which I do every six months anyway, but it's a really convenient time to do it to sort of reassure people. One of the biggest things that we've seen is homeowners have written a lot of complaint letters, have lodged complaints with the ABC. They've written to the Minister for Ageing, Minister for Media, and the Minister for Communications, just to say. And their main complaint is it's ageist, what the ABC did. It treated them as being stupid, that they didn't know what they're doing. Now, homeowners are really offended by it and a lot of the letters to the ABC was saying, because the ABC wasn't enough program on a nursing home, which made equally everyone look stupid and that was kind of the – that was the big pushback we've had from homeowners and getting on board about pushing it back against that ideal that somehow everyone over 65 is old, frail and stupid. I just turned 65 on Sunday, so I'm a big proponent of saying that's not true. But so yes, so it's been interesting. So I think referrals just get stronger and because I think you're going to get people are really leaning to not only support it, but also over explain it to their friends and, therefore, I think we'll get more interest in it. Appreciate the call. Thanks, James. Thank you, Andy. And just a reminder, we just have five minutes left. I'll now hand over to Lou from Jarden. Lou, please proceed with your question. Yes, good morning, James and Darren. Two quick ones. You highlighted the 228 kind of  deposited (00:55:10) received for the FY 2025 year. Is that pretty much your production rate or is production rate tracking higher than that? Our planned production would be higher than that, Lou, because we also plan to continue selling throughout the year, as we always do. But obviously, we'll continue to monitor that production rate subject to the sales rate. So the 228 is just simply deposits that we've got on hand that we know that will be delivered as part of that production rate as it stands. But yes, there's capacity to do more than that, definitely. And what's your current plan? I mean is it 100 more? Or is it 50 more? Well, it's kind of fluid, Lou, to be honest, because we review it every month based on the sales rate. Like we're placing orders for this month's orders will commence next month and the homes take sort of four months to build. So it's not like we start the year with a locked-in plan. We review it every month. Thank you. And then second one, and apologies if I missed this, but where are you with the VCAT situation? Kind of if you heard back from them about your request to accelerate... Yeah. It's  (00:56:22) and the residential list at VCAT is long. So we're still waiting for a response from VCAT as to when, one, where will it be heard, will it be in that forum or another forum, will they hear it and then when it will be heard? So yes, so we're just waiting for them to come back on that. And how important is that in your conversations? Is that kind of what your potential new customers tell you is something they're waiting for or not really? Not really, no. We explained so clearly around why it works and how we keep our entrance price so low, it's quite like the idea of having – maybe bringing the option of having pay 20% upfront or 20% when you leave, either pay more, enjoy less, or enjoy more and pay later. I know which way most people go, but it kind of  tend to (00:57:22) banks the whole thesis of the story that went through the ABC saying somehow people were financial prisoners set to pay DMF where they forgot that they actually paid a very, very low ingoing price from the get-go. So kind of this where we're sort of interested in this review to sort of get independent eyes on which is the best way to tackle this. Thanks, James. Thanks, Darren. Thanks, Lou. Thanks, Lou. We might take one last question. And we have  Murray (00:57:53) on the line.  Murray (00:57:56), please proceed with your question. Good morning, James and Darren. And James, a happy belated birthday to you. Thanks,  Murray (00:58:07). I was wondering whether you could just make a comment on sales pricing, please. It looks like the average house price in the second half of this year was up about 14% on the same period last year. To what extent is that a function of product mix? And to what extent is that pure inflation? It's a little bit of both,  Murray (00:58:31). But rather than product mix, it's also project mix. So this year, we've been selling more at sort of Philip Island and Bellarine, which its really just a function of land price. So those projects, the land price was higher and that flows through into higher sales prices, but also the median house price in those catchments is higher. So the model is kind of relative. So to get into the house prices themselves, really, they have gone up with inflation, and that's the model we sort of cost recover on our development costs. So it's kind of all of those things. It's influenced by the catchment, the land price, the mix of the product, but also inflation. Got it. And then I was wondering whether you could just comment on to the extent that you're able to look through to this at all, but the average time on markets for your customers selling a family home before they settle into one of yours and how that's been tracking? Depends where you look,  Murray (00:59:40). So Melbourne, around Melbourne, pretty good. Not a lot of stock on the market in Melbourne. And there's a recent CoreLogic report that just came out on Melbourne, I saw it this morning actually. So yeah, that's sort of – it's pretty okay. Where we struggle a little bit,  Murray (00:59:59), is down on the best coast, where Phillip Island is, and we struggle a little bit down the Bellarine, and that's pushing out to sort of 80, 100 days, 120 days. It just depends also what -- it's a time for a customer to adjust, work out what their home is truly worth. So we actually had a customer recently moving to Phillip Island where they discounted their home by 40%, such was their enthusiasm to start living a bigger life and make the change. So yeah, so it depends how far you're prepared to go to reflect what's happening in the market and therefore what you need to do to make your home saleable. Got it. Thanks very much. Thank you,  Murray (01:00:49). I'm just acknowledging, we've actually just gone over our one hour time slot and we thank you for your attendance. We do note we haven't gotten to a number of questions, including written questions this morning, and please be assured that your questions will be acknowledged and responded to after this call. So we thank you for your attendance and invite you to contact the company via the Investor Centre available on the company's website should you have any other questions not addressed today. Thanks again for your attendance and all your questions raised. I will now close the webinar. Thank you. 
            