
            Management Discussion: Hello and welcome to the NatWest Group H1 Results 2025 Fixed Income Update. Today's presentation will be hosted by CFO, Katie Murray; and Treasurer, Donal Quaid. After the presentation, we will open up for questions. Katie, please go ahead. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our half-year 2025 fixed income results presentation. I'm joined today by Donal Quaid, our Treasurer; and Paul Pybus, our Head of the IR. I'll take you through the headlines for the year before moving on to the financials for the second quarter. Donal will take you through capital, liquidity and funding, and then we'll open up for questions. Starting with the headlines on slide 3. Customer activity has helped to deliver a strong first half. Customer lending grew 3.2% to £384 billion in H1. Customer deposits were up 1% to £436 billion, and assets under management and administration grew 5.9% to £52 billion. Income grew 13.7% to £8 billion year-on-year, while costs reduced 1.4% to £3.9 billion. This resulted in operating profit of £3.6 billion and attributable profit of £2.5 billion. Our return on tangible equity was 18.1%. This morning, we announced an interim dividend of £0.095 and a new share buyback of £750 million. Our balance sheet remains strong with a CET1 ratio of 13.6%, and we reached an important milestone in May where the government is selling its remaining stake in NatWest Group. So, we are now privately owned for the first time in 17 years. With a significant restructuring of the bank and government ownership behind us, we are now attracting new investors and driving growth. Turning to our strategic priorities on slide 4. We continue to grow our customer base, attracting over 100,000 new customers across the bank as a result of organic growth during the first half. In addition, the Sainsbury's Bank transaction completed in May, adding around a 1 million new customers with about £2.4 billion of savings and £2.2 billion of unsecured lending. In Commercial & Institutional, we are building on our strength in social housing, and it delivered £6.8 billion of our lending towards our £7.5 billion 2026 target. We've overdelivered on our £100 billion target for climate and sustainable funding and financing, and have now reached £110 billion. We are announcing a new target today to deliver £200 billion of climate and transition finance by 2030. We continue to work on bank-wide simplification to enhance customer and colleague experience and increase productivity. We're accelerating the use of data and AI across the bank through collaboration with others. For example, we have just announced a strategic collaboration with AWS and Accenture to modernize our data capabilities, including the creation of a platform that uses AI to give us a single view of customer data across the bank. This will enable greater personalization, faster onboarding, better protection against fraud, and stronger customer engagement. Finally, as we actively manage our balance sheet, we have generated 101 basis points of capital in the first half. We've taken action to reduce risk-weighted assets by £2.9 billion through a range of measures, including three significant risk transfers. Turning now to our second quarter performance, using the first quarter as a comparator. Income, excluding all notable items, was up 1.5% to £4 billion. Operating expenses were 3% higher at £2 billion, and the impairment charge was £193 million or 19 basis points of loans. Taking this together, we have delivered operating profit before tax of £1.8 billion. Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders was £1.2 billion, and return on tangible equity was 17.7%. Turning now to income. Overall income, excluding notable items, grew 1.5% to £4 billion. Excluding the impact of one additional day in the quarter, income across our three businesses increased 1.1% or £43 million. Net interest income grew 1.6% to £3.1 billion. This was driven by volume growth across lending and deposits, including portfolios added from Sainsbury's. It was also supported by margin expansion as tailwinds from the product structural hedge more than offset the impact of the base rate cuts in May and lending growth. We continue to assume two further base rate cuts this year, with rates reaching 3.75% by the year end. Non-interest income across the three businesses was down 0.8%, compared with a strong first quarter and up 2% compared to the prior year. Given the strength of the first half total income, we now expect full year total income, excluding notable items to be greater than £16 billion, and return on tangible equity to be greater than 16.5%. Moving now to lending. We continue to be disciplined in our approach, deploying capital where returns are attractive. Gross loans to customers across our three businesses increased £8.4 billion to £384 billion. Taking Retail Banking together with private banking, mortgage balances grew by £1.3 billion, with growth improving through the quarter following the stamp duty deadline at end of March. Our stock share remained stable at 12.6%. Unsecured balances increased by £2.7 million, mainly reflecting the addition of the credit card and personal loan portfolios from Sainsbury's Bank. In Commercial & Institutional, gross customer loans, excluding government schemes increased by £4.6 billion. Within this, loans to corporates and institutions grew by £2.1 billion, mainly driven by project finance, sustainable financing, and funds lending. Loans in our commercial mid-market business grew by £2.1 billion, reflecting increased lending across social housing and residential commercial real estate. I'll now turn to deposits. These were up £2.4 billion across our three businesses to £436 billion, continuing the quarterly growth trend. Retail Banking increased deposit balances by £0.9 billion to £197 billion. The addition of £2.4 billion of deposits acquired from Sainsbury's Bank was partially offset by a reduction in current accounts. Private banking balances increased by £0.1 billion, and the increase in Commercial & Institutional of £1.4 billion was mainly from larger customers in corporates and institutions. Deposit mix was broadly stable as a proportion of non-interest bearing balances remained at 31% and term accounts increased slightly from 16% to 17%. Turning now to costs. These increased 1.6% to £2 billion in the second quarter. Our annual wage awards and higher national insurance contributions both took effect in early April. We also incurred £27 million of our guided one-time integration costs during the quarter, bringing the total to £34 million for the first half. We remain on track for the other operating expenses to be around £8 billion for the full year, plus around £100 million of one-time integration costs. This means expenses will be higher in the second half, driven by further business transformation, the remaining one-time integration costs, and the bank levy. Our focus remains driving cost savings to create capacity for further investment to accelerate our bank-wide simplification. I'd like to turn now to impairments. Our diversified prime loan book continues to perform well, and we're reporting a net impairment charge of £193 million for the second quarter, equivalent to 19 basis points of loans on an annualized basis. This includes an £81 million one-time charge on acquisition of balances from Sainsbury's Bank, equivalent to 8 basis points. Excluding this, the charge was £112 million or 11 basis points. We retain post-model adjustments for economic uncertainty of £234 million. We have reviewed and updated our macroeconomic assumptions with minor changes that drove £10 million of additional expected credit loss. Overall, we have no significant concerns about the credit portfolio at this point. And given the current performance of the book, we continue to expect a loan impairment rate below 20 basis points for the full year. Turning now to guidance for 2025. We now expect income excluding notable items to be greater than £16 billion. And based on the strength of income, we anticipate return on tangible equity to be greater than 16.5%. Our costs, impairments, and RWA guidance remains unchanged. We expect other operating expenses to be around £8.1 billion, including around £100 million of one-time integration costs. The loan impairment rate to be below 20 basis points and RWAs to be between £190 billion and £195 billion. Where the figure lands within this range still depends on CRD IV model outcomes. We also continue to target returns greater than 15% in 2027. And with that, I'll hand over to Donal. Thank you, Katie. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining today's call. I will start by sharing some highlights for the half year before moving into more detail on the balance sheet, covering capital, liquidity and funding. I will then update you on the progress against our funding plans for the year and plans for the second half of the year. Starting with an overview of the key metrics on slide 13. We ended the quarter with a strong capital MREL and leverage position comfortably above the  ratio minima (00:10:27) with a CET1 ratio of 13.6%, a total capital ratio of 19.7%, a total MREL ratio of 32.4%, and a leverage ratio of 5%. Our average liquidity coverage ratio was 150%, giving us comfortable surplus of our minimum requirements. Our loan-to-deposit ratio was 86%, and our average net stable funding ratio was 136%. The group's funding is very well diversified with a strong retail, private and corporate deposit franchise with around £437 billion of customer deposits. We have made solid progress against our 2025 funding plan, with £5 billion equivalent of benchmark issuance from the holding company across senior MREL, AT1 and Tier 2 capital securities, and £4.2 billion equivalent from the operating company NatWest Markets. Thank you for your continued support for our transactions. June marked another positive step in our credit ratings journey as Fitch upgraded all rated entities while affirming a stable outlook. Turning to our capital leverage positions on slide 14. Our CET1 ratio of 13.6% is within our guided target range of 13% to 14%, and we're currently operating with 310 basis points of headroom above the maximum distributable amount of 10.5%, equivalent to £5.9 billion of nominal CET1. Our UK leverage ratio was 5%, leaving around 115 basis points of headroom above the Bank of England minimum requirements. The slide also shows the impact of the other systemically important institution buffer applied to NatWest Holdings that results in a group risk add-on for NatWest Group of 1.2% for CET1 and 40 basis points for leverage. Although not part of minimum ratio requirements or combined buffer requirements for NatWest Group, it does form part of our minimum supervisory requirements, resulting in a buffer of 190 basis points or £3.6 billion of nominal CET1 capital and 75 basis points for leverage. Moving to capital generation on slide 15. We ended the second quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 13.6%, down 20 basis points from the first. We generated 53 basis points of capital before distributions. Strong earnings out of 69 basis points, offset by 15 basis points from Sainsbury's and 1 basis point from RWA increases and other CET1 movements. We increased our ordinary dividend payout ratio from around 40% to around 50% earlier this year. And this morning, we announced an interim ordinary dividend of £0.095 per share, together with a share buyback program for £750 million. Together, these accruals consumed 72 basis points of capital. Risk-weighted assets increased by £3.1 billion to £190.1 billion. This comprises £4.6 billion of business movements, which broadly reflects our lending growth, including Sainsbury's Bank, and £1.4 billion from CRD IV model inflation. These movements were partially offset by £1.7 billion reduction as a result of RWA management and a £1.2 billion reduction in other RWA movements, including FX. We continue to expect between £190 billion and £195 billion of risk-weighted assets at the yearend. Where the figure lands within this range still depends on CRD IV model outcomes. Our target CET1 ratio remains unchanged in the 13% to 14% range. Turning to our total capital position on slide 16. We currently have an AT1 ratio of 3.1% with £6 billion of securities outstanding. Earlier this month, we announced the call of the August $1.15 billion AT1 notes, which reduced CET1 by approximately 5 basis points. The impact arises due to changes in FX rates since the date of issuance of the notes. Our Tier 2 ratio is 3% with £5.7 billion of securities outstanding. We are currently running with excess headroom in AT1 and Tier 2 compared to our minimum requirements, having taking advantage of positive market dynamics in 2024 and 2025 to prefund both AT1 and Tier 2 calls. However, over time, we expect to return to more normalized levels of AT1 and Tier 2 capital relative to our minimum requirements. Turning to our total MREL position on slide 17. Our total MREL is very healthy at 32.4%, significantly higher than our risk-weighted asset requirements, leaving us well positioned for any further growth and risk-weighted assets by the end of the year. Having built out the maturity curve of MREL stock, we have an annual refinancing requirements of £3 billion to £5 billion over the next few years. Turning to liquidity on slide 18. Our liquidity position remains very strong. At the end of the quarter, the LCR ratio was 150% on a 12-month rolling average and 147% on a spot basis, reflecting around £52 billion of surplus primary liquidity above minimum requirements. Our total liquidity portfolio was £217 billion, comprising primary liquidity of £161 billion and secondary liquidity of £56 billion. Primary liquidity decreased slightly in the first half, driven by an increase in lending, including balances acquired from Sainsbury's Bank, partially offset by issuances during the year. Secondary liquidity reduced due to the normal amortization of collateral prepositioned at the Bank of England. Looking at our primary liquidity, cash balances of £86.6 billion placed with central banks represents around 54% of total primary liquidity, with Level 1 high-quality government and SSA bonds of £61.5 billion, making up a further 38%. We continue to transition the portfolio from cash holdings into securities, which provides a tailwind to income. The percentage of primary liquidity held in central bank balances has reduced from 87% at full year 2022 to 54% at H1 this year, inclusive of net repo positions. Looking at the composition of the securities portfolio, 73% are held to collect and sell on fair value through other comprehensive income, and 27% are held to collect and held on the balance sheet on amortized costs. The remaining primary liquidity is a smaller percentage of Level 1 high-quality covered bonds and Level 2 securities. Turning to slide 19 and our funding composition. Although customer deposits account for over 80% of the group's funding, we also have access to stable and diverse sources of wholesale funding across a range of products, maturities and currencies. Of the £91 billion of wholesale funding outstanding, the large majority is MREL and capital issuance from NatWest Group and senior unsecured issuance from NatWest Markets. As part of the mix, we have £12 billion currently drawn under the Bank of England's TFSME scheme, with £3.8 billion repayable in October this year and the remainder repayable from 2027. On slide 20, you can see that we've been very active in the first half in wholesale funding markets, issuing from both the group holding company and NatWest Markets operating entity. From NatWest Group, we have issued £3.3 billion equivalent in senior MREL against our guidance of £4 billion to £5 billion for the year. In addition to issuing MREL, we've also issued £750 million of AT1 and £0.9 billion equivalent of Tier 2 capital during the year. While for NatWest Markets Plc, we issued around £4.2 billion equivalents against our £4 billion to £5 billion guidance for 2025. We continue to take opportunities to diversify our currency mix, issuing in our core currencies of euros and dollars together with Australian dollars and Swiss francs. The progress we have made in the first half leaves us well placed against our capital requirements for 2025. In the second half, I expect to be active in senior issuance from the holding company and in senior unsecured from NatWest Markets. I'll also start to consider 2026 funding requirements later in the year. And finally, turning to credit ratings on slide 21. It was pleasing to see progress in our credit ratings during the first half. In June, Fitch upgraded the rating of NatWest Group plc to A+ from single A, and upgraded all rated operating companies, including the issuing entities, NatWest Markets Plc, NatWest Markets N.V., and RBSI Limited to AA- with a stable outlook. With that, we can open up for questions. 
            Questions and Answers:   Our first question is a pre-submitted question. You have a guided up to £1 billion AT1. You have issued £700 million. Are you expected to issue another small transaction before the end of the year?   (00:20:45). Yeah. Sure. Katie, I'll take that one. So, yes, guiding to £1 billion, we've actually issued £750 million earlier on in the year. I suppose if I look ahead, our current AT1 ratio is 3.1%. We do have an upcoming  (00:20:59) later on in December. If we were to call that security, that would bring our ratio back down to a more optimized 2.1%. So the way we think about it is evolution of risk weights into year-end and into next year. So I think putting all that together, there is potential for a cleanup AT1 transaction later on this year or early next year subject to the trajectory of risk weights.   (00:21:19) thanks. Thanks for the question. And our second question is, one of your peers was asked yesterday about the gap in ratings between S&P and other credit rating agencies. Is this a concern for you? And what do you do – what do you plan to do to close the gap?   (00:21:35). Katie, I'll take that one as well. Yeah. So, as you point out, S&P  are not the only (00:21:38) rating agencies that do not have an A rating for NatWest Group. We've got Fitch at A+. We've got Moody's at A3 and S&P at BBB+. I don't like to see S&P join the other two agencies with an A rating, which I personally think is more than deserved given the balance sheet strength of the organization and the consistent strong financial performance of the group, both on a relative and on an absolute basis versus European peers. However, I think when you look at S&P ratings methodology for UK bank HoldCos, it's overly punitive versus others. That's reflected in the minus 1 notch applied for structural subordination. I think NatWest and peers are also penalized by S&P's use on the UK economy, which keeps the  (00:22:17) score lower than other European countries. Again, if that improved, our rating would likely go up 1 notch for a stronger capital. So we continue to deliver on our strategy, continue to deliver strong results, and emphasize the operating strengths and discussions we have with all the agencies, particularly S&P. Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan David of Autonomous. Dan, if you'd like to press star 6 to unmute and ask your question. Hey Dan. Dan, please go ahead and ask your question.   (00:22:50) ...pressed the right buttons on my phone and you can hear me?   And what you know, Dan, yes. Thanks (00:22:53). Great. Hopefully, I've done that right and perfect. Congratulations on the results, and thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple. The first one is just on issuance plans and the second one is on CET1. Just kind of touching on the AT1 point. I want to focus more on the currency, the issuance that you potentially could issue in H2. Do you think it would be kind of non-dollar sterling? And I want to just ask on Euro AT1. I think it's quite a scarce resource amongst UK banks now. And is that a reflection of reducing demand from European investors for UK banks paper? And is this a concern going forward, given that, I guess, the uncertainty around the UK budget, is that something you think about? And the second one is just on the CET1 target and the buffer that you intend to hold and kind of picks up on some of the points I think you made on the call this morning. I thought one of the justifications the UK banks holding lower CET1 buffers was a high countercyclical 30%. And I guess the thinking about the  (00:23:57). So if the countercyclical comes down, should we expect UK banks like yourselves to hold a higher CET1 buffer target? Thanks. Yes. I'll take the second one, Donal, and come back to you for the issuance plans. Sure. Yeah. So if I look at the – what we said on the call this morning as well in terms of this, our CET1 number is something we look at regularly as we look at the changes that we do see coming through regulation and also the changes within our own book. We don't have any particular insight into any thoughts on whether the countercyclical buffer will come down or not. But what I would say is, as regulation changes, we adapt to that regulation. It's something that we do look at regularly. So, we'll continue to do that as we work our way through things like this or Pillar 2 or the implementation of Basel 3.1. Donal, do you want to take the issuance plan? Yeah. Sure. Hi, Dan. So in terms of currency, again, as usual, we won't tie ourselves to any currency would be open just depending on pricing at any point in time. And at the moment and if I look at AT1, I think dollars and sterling probably look most attractive, particularly where it swaps back to sterling. I think in terms of your question around kind of European demand for AT1 and reducing demand from investors, I think that's not something we've specifically seen. I think it really comes down to pricing. When we look at kind of pricing across the three majors, dollars has been most attractive, I think from an AT1 perspective and probably followed by sterling for most of the year. That's not always the case, but I think that's really the key driver of the lack of supply may be in euros from UK banks, in particular. Thanks, Dan. Thank you. Our next question comes from... Yeah. Thank you. ...  (00:25:31), if you'd like to unmute and ask your question, you can do so by using star 6 on your keypad on the phone. Hey,  Rob (00:25:39). Hi. Thank you for doing the call, and hello, and congratulations on some good results. I also concur on your thoughts on S&P, by the way. Thank you for that. Just two quick questions. On the provision still almost de minimis, but I'm looking at slide 10 and going forward, when I look at the economic assumptions, it's – the weighted average seems to be weaker for 2026. Can we assume that we start to get into that 20 basis point to 30 basis point range further out, or are we still going to be on the lower end of that is my first question? Secondly, in terms of loan growth, you've been very active in project finance. Is that a steady pipeline at this point, or is that really more lumpier as projects and contracts come in? And then two other potentially related questions. One on NSFR, it's probably something you don't necessarily manage to, but you want to keep the liquidity but that number is very high. Is there a reason for that or is that just an outcome? And then more generally, on loosening the ring fence, I know early days in talking about it, but what are some of the implications for the mortgage market general liquidity overall? Thank you. Sure. Let me take a few of them and then I'll come over to Donal as well to help me out. So in terms of the impairments piece, the 20 basis points to 30 basis points, we talked about it a little bit this morning on the equity call as well. So we haven't given you any particular guidance at this stage in terms of 2026, so – and we will do that when we get to February. I mean,  that's our (00:27:45) kind of through-the-cycle number. I would say that as we've looked over the past number of years, we do think the operating margin is closer to the lower end of that. And but honestly,  Rob (00:27:53), it's something we'll talk more about in February. But, certainly, if we were to see the economics to deteriorate then you could expect that to be more. But I would say, even as I look at the kind of five-year average of the economics that we see and then weighted across our different downsides, it's not something that's probably flagging a lot within the financial statements. You might not have got to this yet, but you can see our sensitivities that are on page 23 of those accounts that sort of show actually this is how much additional you would have if you brought through, say, 100% on the downside. It's like  £786 billion (00:28:27). So, it means that would clearly get you into higher level of basis points, but that would be a very, very big depreciation in terms of the level of our current macroeconomics. And interestingly, what's there, as you look at it, it's slightly better than it was at the tail end of last year because we're also seeing the benefit of the SRT transactions that we're doing, which are not only good for capital, but they're very good also in terms of risk kind of management as well. Your second question on the kind of private finance. Look, I think private finance by its nature is kind of lumpy-ish. It's kind of how I would describe it. But we've obviously got a lot of relationships than there which kind of helps smooth out. And it's probably been a theme of our increased lending at that top end of the market really for the last number of quarters. And we kind of expect that to continue as these deals mature often quicker and they are shorter lengths than some of the more standard ones. So we're comfortable there is an important line with long-established relationships that we're keen to kind of go into.  (00:29:27) with mortgages and then I'll come back, Donal, to you on the NSFR point. So it's interesting the mortgage market at the moment is very big. It's very active. It's a bigger – our estimation for this year is bigger than last years. We do see a lot of competition within there. You know, again, on the equity call this morning, I talked about there are kind of back book and front book differentials in the round or in the kind – are still kind of in the same space. I think what we have been doing in our mortgage market quite a lot in the last year for us is really trying to expand our waterfront. So you've seen us do big improvements on first-time buyers, on buy-to-let, and also on this kind of family-backed mortgage product that we launched last quarter. So, overall, we feel quite good about the mortgage market in the round. We just need to make sure that we continue to keep that right focus on managing the return and not kind of chasing share unnecessarily. Donal? Yeah. And maybe just to finish on the mortgage piece and bring you back to the link to ring fencing as well. Okay. So, I think, first of all, we welcome the announcements from HMT that they'll review their ring-fencing regime in its current form, working with Bank of England and reporting early in 2026. I think it's far too early to talk about any kind of potential benefits, if any, as we need to get more clarity first on the scope and extent of that review. Whether that's legislative change or more focused on PRA rules. I think our views on ring fencing are clear. We believe it does add cost and friction to both us and our customers and also significant cost and dys-synergies from ring fencing as well, particularly when it comes to funding and liquidity. I think linking back to mortgage market, I'm not expecting any changes there to have any impact on the competitive nature of the mortgage market in the UK. As Katie said, it's very competitive and will continue to be so. On the last point on NSFR, yeah, you're right. Kind of very strong print, 134% on a spot basis, 136% on an average basis. It's not something we need to actually manage. It is more an outcome. I probably say more structural in nature, so kind of very, very comfortable with us and aligned when we look at both NSFR and our liquidity coverage ratio and a very, very healthy position, primarily driven just by a very strong deposit franchise across our different businesses. Lovely. Thanks very much,  Rob (00:31:32).   Thanks very much, Rob (00:31:32). Thank you. Thank you for the detail.   There are no more questions at this time. Now, I would like to hand it back to Katie for any closing remarks. Thanks, Oliver. Much appreciated. Look, as ever, thank you very much for taking the time to come on the call. We do appreciate the support that you give us through the year in terms of and the support that you give our ongoing issuance. If you need anything else or you'd like any further information, please don't hesitate to reach out to Paul Pybus and our debt IR team, and he'll be able to help you. And I look forward to meeting some of you as we go into the upcoming virtual season. Take care. Thanks very much. Thank you. That concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 
            