
            Management Discussion: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining today's call on the Newlat Food 2024 Half Year Results. My name is Benedetta Mastrolia, I'm the Investor Relations Manager at Newlat Food. And joining me today to discuss our results are Angelo Mastrolia, our Chairman; Giuseppe Mastrolia, our CEO and Chief Commercial Officer; Rocco Sergi, CFO; and Fabio Fazzari, Financial Director. Before starting, I would like to remind you that this presentation – apologies. Okay. I would like to remind you that this presentation might contain certain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's management current views with respect to future events, and financial and operational performance of the company and its subsidiaries. These forward-looking statements are based on Newlat Food SpA's current expectations and projections about future events, and any reference to past performance of Newlat Food should not be taken as a representation or an indication that such performance will continue in the future. And this presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy Newlat securities. We can go directly to page 7 of the presentation where we have our key financial highlights for the period as usual. We can say that the first half of 2024 was impacted by a deflationary environment, which resulted in lower sales as opposed to last year. So, we had €370.1 million sales as opposed to €413.3 million in the first half of 2023. This was, of course, the result of a lower average selling price and all the main business units. However, we still had some positive performance, for example, in dairy where we had an increase of 13.4%, which was split by 10% increase in volumes and a 3% increase in pricing. Where we are gaining the most in this period is FCF margins, where we had an increase for example, in EBITDA which was €39.3 million as opposed to €38.5 million in the first half of 2023. In terms of margins as well, of course, we had an increase in EBITDA margin, which was double-digit and it was 10.6% as opposed to 9.3% last year. This is, of course, thanks to better purchasing conditions of raw materials because of the lowering prices and also better management of our resources overall. In terms of EBIT, we also had quite a good result. If we look at EBIT on an adjusted basis for 2023, which excludes the €1.7 million of income from business combination, which was a record in 2023. We had just a slight decrease of €600,000. But overall we had a very good performance in EBIT as well. Net income was particularly good. In terms of performance, we had an increase of 11%. If we look again at the adjusted figure for 2023, so we had €10 million net income as opposed to a €9 million net income in 2023. In general, we also had a very good free cash flow generation, which was €28.5 million. Last year we had roughly €17 million, so we can say that we had some really good performance in cash generation. Also thanks to our very good performance in terms of operational results. And we also had an EBITDA free cash flow conversion of 74%. In terms of net debt, we also had a fantastic result, which ended in a almost neutral position of net debt, which was €1.5 million as opposed to €29.5 million and it sits on an IFRS 16 excluded basis. So we're excluding IFRS 16 in this discounting. However, the results for net debt including IFRS 16 lease liabilities was still positive and it was €42.6 million, as opposed to €74.3 million at the end of 2023. On the next slide, we have  (00:04:24) picture of what happened in the period. So, in terms of revenues, as we said, we had a decrease. However, we would like to remind that last year our results were  the same, ceded (00:04:35) by a very good performance, both in terms of volumes, but also in terms of an increase in the average selling price, which resulted in an organic increase of 19.3%. If you include the inputs, it was even higher at 23.2%. So overall, despite the fact we had a decrease, we can say it wasn't as bad as we might expect as – if we look at the comparison base. In terms of KPIs, we've already looked at EBITDA, so we had an increase in order and then the EBITDA margin and EBITDA in general with a 2% increase. And we also had a very good performance in other KPIs which are returning sales and return on investment, which increased as opposed to the first half of 2023. We also had a very good double-digit performance in the return on capital employed, which confirms the sort of the number we found at the end of 2023 for return on capital employed. 2024 was – still the first half of 2024 we're still a very investment heavy period where we finalized – we're still finalizing the investments within the special products segment. Specifically, we also had investment in Germany, but the most significant one is in the special products segments. But this will hopefully drive efficiency, which – this will definitely drive efficiency in the future and we can expect to see some volume coming back in the second half of 2024 for special products specifically. For Germany, we will see more results in the next year or so. Cash generation as we already said was 74%. So very good performance. Net debt again very good performance. We have to keep in mind that we have an extraordinary say deleveraging process in the last couple of years. If we keep in mind the position that was within CLI when we acquired as well the bond issuance. So, we've had a very good result in that sense as well. Now we go straight into some marketing and commercial activities that we've done in our main markets and I was looking at Italy. So, for Italy, we focus on two main areas specifically. So, on one hand, we focused on the pasta and instant foods in particular with Naked we just launched the Naked BEST EVER range in September. So, we were working on the launch since the beginning of the year. And at the same time, we also tried to integrate as much as possible the Delverde brand into the Crostino and Granfetta world. And by doing so, we've also just launched in June, a new website for Delverde which includes both Crostino and Delverde. So, unifying basically the brand finally and making just one big brand that covers both pasta and bakery products. In general we've also worked a lot on social media and on marketing activities. We've done a 360 campaign for Naked for example, also for other brands, we've just recently at the end of last year signed a contract with a counterpart which is able to give us to what's left for them, basically, which helps us find the scouts and influencers and people online. And it's an AI  (00:08:13) platform which is very helpful in keeping relationships with these influencers that we've been increasing our exposure to influencer marketing online.  (00:08:23) Naked as a first trial,  let's say we've now (00:08:25) – we've branched out, for example, Optimus, which is our  (00:08:31) brand that we started working with some influencers and some – especially some chefs as well. So, that's really helpful and  (00:08:39) a very useful tool for our market and for our brand presence online. In terms of milk and dairy, as I said, we are investing more on Optimus. We are really trying to relaunch the brands as much as possible and to keep the brand as say – as well perceived in our customers' eyes as possible. We've also focused a lot on MUKKI,  we did (00:09:09) some cool marketing activities, for example, for the Inside Out 2 Movie. And we also just launched again in June the MUKKI Bimbo e-commerce, which has been doing really well. So, we've been selling all of our baby milks with powder and liquid online, and it's been a very successful new channel for us. We've also been working on community engagement with our milk as usual. Going to the UK, we're looking at Naked. So with Naked, we've had a very good period in terms of marketing activities. We launched new creative concept which has helped us be consistent in communication to be more a memorable  and customer size (00:10:01). With the 360 campaign, we were able to serve target all of our customers. And the ad you see here was particularly humorous. So, it really helped us gain some brand awareness, which increased by 7% as well as the purchase intent which also increased by 7% as opposed to last year. For the second half of 2024, we have some more activities in mind and our new campaign goes live in the next couple of days as well. We've also launched some three new products  (00:10:41). So, one is Sri Lankan Style Curry and two, Ramen's under the Ultimate sub brand. And we are working on a new brand planning, but also on a completely new brand position for next year, which we're really excited about, have been working on for a few months and hopefully we will be able to reveal what it is soon. In terms of Mug Shots on the other hand, again in the UK we've had a very good performance as well. We've been able to increase our brand penetration as well as number of buyers. So, we are increasing those compared to last year as well as an increase in our sales units, especially in the last 12 weeks as it was last year. We've been working again in some marketing activities in the 360 campaign which reached millions of customers in the UK, as well as say some in-person activities such as the Mug-to-Mug tournament and we have some more to come in the second half of the year with Mug Shot  (00:11:45) NPD with some new products such as Salt & Pepper Chilli Beef Noodles and we also launched the Mug Shot Max, which is a bigger portion of Mug Shots, which has been performing quite well since we last launch it in June. For Mug Shot again, we're working on a pipeline of new projects and brand planning for 2025. We took this year to kind of show what's been going on in UK for the past year or so. So, we've had a very steep decline in the average price index and that means that this impacted also the cost and the pricing of commodity products, which impacted a lot also the say the instant noodles market, but also he has got fast food chains and fast food restaurants, as well as just normal restaurants you can see here an example. So this, of course, was particularly detrimental to the performance. But nevertheless, we were able to sort of gain some positions in terms of marketing. So hopefully, we will see some more positive results in the next months. And now we jump to Germany, where we had a good performance in terms of branded pasta specifically. If we look at the performance for the last year in pasta, in Germany, we had just a slight decrease of overall brand of pasta, 270 tons with a very good margin improvement of 5.3% year-on-year. If we look at Delverde specifically, we actually had a growth, just 1%, not too much, but still growth. If we think that last year we hit a record high in terms of volumes, which was over 42,000 tons of just Italian pasta in Germany. We can say that this is still a very good result. And especially if we look at some competition as  (00:13:48) our number one competitor has been losing 8% in the last year and in the first six months of the year. So, that's certainly a good result if we look at the bigger picture. Now, some updates quickly on Minuto. So, Minuto was launched just last year, after we acquired EM Foods, and it's been doing pretty well. We have again a campaign where Minuto both on social and in-person with billboards and sampling, and it's been doing pretty well. The product is very well-liked by customers and we already launched 13 new SKUs this year. We launched 23 in the first year when we launched that, and now we will still have 13 more. So many, many exciting recipes to come. Thanks to the EM Foods NPD and sort of chef's background. So really, really happy with the results so far. Now we go directly to the sales breakdown and analysis. So, in general, as we announced the period has seen a decrease in most of the segment excluding dairy. Pasta was impacted by a combination of a lower sales price, which was across all categories, of course, but also as a result of a decrease in the pasta volumes in Germany, and also  vis à vis (00:15:18) in private label. Milk and ready meals as well had just – were mostly impacted by the lower prices, but also by the loss of some volumes in Italy, in the UK. In bakery, we had a decrease of 9.6%, which was the combination of different factors. One is the fact that we had to shift some promotional activity to July and August. And so June. So we lost some volume there. But also we have a decrease in price which impacted by – which impacted roughly 7% of the 9.6% total. So quite a lot was due to the pricing effect. In terms of dairy, yes... I want to add something concerning the revenue breakdown. So, concerning the revenue reduction, I want to emphasize that strategically during this period of price reduction, we choose to prioritize our margin preservation over  (00:16:20) promotional prices as this would impact our margin. And then, now from July onwards, we restarted all the promotional activity with our retail customer and partners. So, we prefer to prioritize the margin over – the turnover in the revenues. Thanks, Benedetta. Thank you. Yes. As Giuseppe said, we tried to prioritize as much as possible our margins and however, we still have some growth in dairy, as I was saying and we had an increase of 7% in volumes and 3% in value in dairy. And in special products, we had the impact of the current investments as our – some of our plants, which were not finished by end of June. However, we will see some improvement in the next months and definitely by end of year we'll be reintroducing some production. Now we move to distribution channels. So, again, in general, we had a decrease mostly in our large retailers and B2B partners which are two main channels with some decreases as well as in other the other channels. But not as important, I'd say. But this was mainly due to the decrease in average selling price and also some chef's promotional activities to July and August, as Giuseppe was saying and really there was comment there. In terms of geographies, we also had a deflationary environment in all the geographies, which serve a normalization as opposed to last year's results. So, in Italy we had the contraction, which was mostly due to a decrease in the pasta, milk and bakery sectors. In Germany, it was mostly a decrease of the pasta, which was however slightly counter off by the increase in dairy. UK, was impacted mainly by instant and noodles and other countries was just impacted overall by a different number of categories. In terms of the EBITDA, it's – where I was saying we had some of the best growth, so we grew 2% as we said and this is the result of overall better COGS as well as the better mix of contribution of sales. In general, we had a very good performance in pasta where we had a double-digit margin. As some of you may remember, we used to not have a double-digit margin in pastas in the last years. We really worked hard to increase our margin in pasta and we reached 12.7% in the first six months of 2024, which is quite possible. In terms of  mixes (00:19:32) and noodles, we also had a very good result as we went from 5.2% margin to an 8.1% margin. And we also had a quite a good increase in EBITDA, which increased by 13.7%. So overall despite the decrease in sales we're still performing really well in this segment as well. For bakery, we had as always, a good performance in terms of the EBITDA, which was 16% as opposed to 13.5% last year. And it's worth mentioning that even special products, despite the decrease in sales –  (00:20:10) decrease in sales still had a margin increase from 10.5% to 12.2%. Now we look at just some more key metrics. So, in terms of free cash flow, as we said, we had a very good performance, which with €28.5 million. This was, of course, thanks to a higher EBITDA and also an improvement in the working capital, which resulted in a much higher free cash flow as opposed to last year. In terms of net working capital, we also had a very good management of product trade payables and our liabilities, which resulted in an improvement in working capital of almost €13 million. And in general, if we look at some other financial indicators such as net debt-to-EBITDA ratio as well as the gearing ratio, we can see that we went from still a really good position at the end of 2013, which were €1.03 for a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio and €0.43 for gearing ratio respectively to €0.59 for net debt-to-EBITDA and €0.22 for gearing ratio. So definitely below what's an acceptable – below as in better than the acceptable ranges. So really good performance there as well as a testament to the group's financial stability as well. Now some updates on the Princes acquisition, which was completed just in late July. So, it's been a month and 10 days since we acquired it. We have from day a very, a very big focus on some areas that you can see here, some of which had more of an immediate focus, such as the infrastructure. Infrastructure in the UK, for example, with the harmonization of the IT within the UK site as well as some other activities for synergy, for example, in warehousing. In terms of PIA, so Princes Industrie Alimentari in Italy, we also had some volume and operating benefits, thanks to a focus on  (00:22:35) volumes, especially through our existing European customers and the relationships that Newlat has in Europe. We also explore some faster growth, especially through our channels. Also thanks to our operating facilities in Italy. And the EU commercial opportunities which we will see more on in the next slide have been explored from day one. So we still – we already have some projects and some projects are launching soon. We also have some broader synergies in terms of innovation, brand reputation, cross-selling and procurement. These also we have some more information on the next slide. So from day one, as we said, we've been focusing on different areas, one of which was the better management on working capital as we are a company that's always been very attentive to working capital and improving its position, as well as its relations with customers and with suppliers especially. So improving the conditions we had with them was key for us from day one. And in that sense, we've already recorded some very good improvement in  (00:23:59) several days improvement in  trade price or days (00:24:01), for example, and we've been aligning of the supply – supplier payment terms from day one. So we're slowly reaching a level which could be considered good for Newlat. So, we're still working on this. Of course, it's not something that's done in a couple of days, but we are – we're doing good progress on this. In terms of procurement, we are also analyzing some sourcing opportunities within the group, especially for pasta. And we're also exploring the launch of new products such as premium pasta in the UK, thanks to the existing Newlat facilities and the ability to produce as many SKUs as you could ever imagine. So that's really something we're working on. And we're also looking at  wider group (00:24:54) purchasing synergies, because of course there are a lot of raw materials that are mutual within the groups. The comments that we are looking at really realigning of the purchasing and trying to get better conditions with suppliers as much as possible. And then in terms of sales, as I was mentioning, we are really working on launching tomatoes and also tuna in Italy and Germany as these two markets are pretty big in both countries. And we are also looking at some other opportunities, for example, in the UK as  (00:25:30) lot of unexploited potential in terms of production which could be passed on to – which could be working for a Princes in terms of its products as well. So, we're really working on exploring all the opportunities we've been working every day on this and hopefully we can see some results in the next month or so. On to the next slide, we just have a picture of what it looks like right now in terms of net debt. So, this is the figure at the end of August 2024. We have a net debt, which excludes the €200 million shareholder loan from Newlat Group, of €444.2 million. If we exclude IFRS 16, net debt would have been €354.2 million. So, we are already working on our deleveraging process. Thanks to all these actions that have been putting in place in terms of improved net working capital, improved cash positions. So, and thanks to the better management resources, we expect to start working on deleveraging the position as quickly as possible. And lastly, we have our 2024 outlook. So, we've given some guidance of what we expect in terms of areas that can be explored in the next months or so. And what we can expect in terms of just the general picture combining the two groups together. So, in terms of sales, we expect a stable sales, but we still expect some growth coming from new products and new launches of products such as, for example, to enhance maintenance  (00:27:16). But other products are being currently analyzed and potential opportunities there are in the mutual market, so Newlat's and Princes. On the other hand, we expect to have improved margins. As we said, we have been working from day one to improve our conditions. So, definitely we expect to see an improvement in EBITDA margins, especially by the end of 2024 for the combined group. As we said earlier, we have some innovation investment going on not only in special foods segment  (00:27:52) and we have more opportunities coming from the post-closing. So with Princes, which could be bringing some more positive contribution in the second half of the year or starting next year as well. In terms of procurement and production synergies, as we said, we will see some results in the second half of the year, but we will see some more considerable gains coming in 2025. And lastly, we expect to see an increased exposure to international markets, thanks to the combined networks of both Newlat and Princes, as well as the new opportunities opening up for us with the new products coming into the market. Just a quick news. We're going to the First Street Show in one month specifically in Paris, one of the biggest tradeshows. We're going there with Princes as well. So, we really see enhanced opportunities for our overall group and portfolio to grow and to gain more customers, which weren't necessarily our customers before because of the different category that it would be working in. So, definitely we're excited to be working with the broader team and to explore new opportunities with new clients  abroad (00:29:03) in the next months. So, that is the end of the presentation. Now we're on to the Q&A. As usual, I would ask you to limit yourself or ask the questions by raising your hand and by muting yourself or by sending a message. Thank you. I think Arianna has a question already. So, go ahead. 
            Questions and Answers: Yes. Thank you, Benedetta. Good morning, everyone. My first question is a clarification on the guidance on Newlat standalone in terms of function behind it. So for example, what are you assuming in terms of price list dynamics and what kind of contribution that you're seeing regarding the Ozzano Taro plant since I understood you're going "over the investments there"? Then the second question is again some more flavor on Princes performance so far, in addition to the qualitative indication you provided? And the third, lastly, the combined entity cash generation was found so far, I was wondering if we are missing something. Is there any cash out we have to be aware of in the coming months or seasonality effect just 12 months in adjusting our amended projections? Thank you. Thank you, Arianna. About the Newlat standalone, we don't have at the moment any particular comment in terms of guidance, in the sense that our focus is also Giuseppe explained before, was to try to maintain the profitability that we gained in the past years. And it is important also to highlight that we reach in this semester, in terms of EBITDA margin 9.65%, if we calculate a rolling picture for 12 months. And this is a number that we didn't get before, neither before nor after the COVID year that was amazing in terms of volumes and the message of this number must be that since the top line could be volatile because there are several elements that we cannot control directly because we cannot have a direct control on the inflation, we cannot have a direct control on the general market trends. Our focus is to continue to create value in terms of profitability improvement and cash flow generation despite the movement that we can see on the top line. Keep the strategy may be different probably as Giuseppe said, we may intensify the promotional activity in the past months and we may have a different results in terms of top line, but for sure also a different result in terms of EBITDA margin and cash flow generation. I think that for the next months we will continue to have the first focus on the profitability and the cash flow. But with – obviously  (00:32:46) and to be ready to get also into the market with the new promotion also additional opportunity for the volume. Yeah. So, Fabio, if I may add something. So, I want to underline once again the concept that I really shared before. So, the drop of volumes is not the – so in term of customer base, we are keeping our customer base tight to our – so we didn't lose any customer. All the volumes that you don't see here that then impacted revenues as well. As I mentioned we're strategically chosen to do not participate in this  unuseful (00:33:29) promotion activity in a period in which we prefer to maintain the stability of margin for the first six months. So, what I can tell with Fabio as well mentioned is that now that we have better – a better opportunity, even in terms of cost. And so, we can keep these level of marginality, we look forward and we reactivate in a stronger way the promotional activity with all our  (00:34:05). So, what they want to do or what they want to tell and let everybody be confident about is that in terms of business development and business management, we are keeping in a really good way our customer base looking for a long-term. And the result once again is the best ever in term of marginality. Thanks Fabio. Yes. Thank you, Giuseppe. And on top of that, we have also to say that approaching the second half, if you remember last year, the second half, so the first half was the strongest in terms of the top line performance this means that also the comparable base in the second half would be substantially less challenging and will allow us to mitigate this first half performance in terms of revenue growth. Flavor on Princes performance, I have to say that in these first months, we start a lot of project and a lot of activity. The underlying performance is in line with substantially our expectation. It's clear that the general market trend is impacting all the player, but for sure Princes is not forgetting. Just to give you an indication, our performance in terms of top line, like the one that we presented today for Newlat. On the other side, what we expect in this first, I would say four months of managing Princes is more than – other aspect of the business is to optimize the net working capital situation of the company, because we believe that this is the first area of value creations that we want to substantially to manage and to get value added for the group. And I think that the data that we share and we decided to share this data because as we mentioned in the presentation after the acquisitions, we believe that this is the first important area of actions. Already in the first months we achieved a very strong results in terms of working capital improvement. On the other side, the data that you saw in terms of net financial position at the end of August is the right one that there are no particular adjustments or particular cash out that you have to expect in the next months. So, this means that for the end of the fiscal year, we expect it to improve further this position and this means that considering what we announce in terms of the leveraging at the data of the announcements of the acquisitions, we are absolutely in line with our plan. Thank you. You're welcome. Hello? Can you hear me? Yes. Yes, hi. Apologize for my technical instrument today. So, just a follow-up. First of all, for the sake of clarity on the guidance. It was not very clear for me whether the outlook for stable revenues was referred to the organic performance or to the combined group. So if you can elaborate on this? And then coming back to your comments about volume prices and the shift in the promotional activity. I was wondering whether this was referring to a specific segment you – actually in the press release, you refer to this only about one segment. So, I don't have the press release in front of me at the moment. But just to understand whether it was a more general reason for the slowdown, especially we saw in volume in the second quarter? And what are you seeing in this respect in the very last two months like July and August for your organic business, meaning Newlat standalone? Thank you very much. Thank you, Paola. In general, for the end of the year, we expected to see an improvement versus the performance that we reported today in terms of general volume trend for Newlat standalone. These – because the comparison base in the second half will be less challenging. And also because we experienced so that the main impact of the deflation in the first half, we do not expect to have a similar trend also in the second half. And also because the second half is also a period in which we can also have maybe more promotional activities that as of today, what I can tell you is that, there is a general focus where we find opportunity we are ready to get it with maintaining the focus on the profitability. That for us is the most important part of the story, together with the cash flow. It's not possible today to give you the  (00:40:41) to say that, we will have three promotion on pasta, and for bakery, and I don't know where the  others is (00:40:50) so we can generally say that we expect an improvement about the revenue trends in the second half. But maybe, Fabio, I want to add something just to give a bit more clarity. So now the point is that we are trying to manage the promotion in a really careful way. What does it mean that we want to participate to promotion in which we can see the real effect in term of price and the shift going to the final customer, because as you can imagine  prepaid (00:41:20) chains are going to retain the margin for themselves? So, we are trying to participate in way where we see the real opportunity or real big volumes by the end of the year. So, not giving so much. So, we do see an amount of discount that we give to the retailer and to have more effective promotional activity within the end of the year. What I can say is that we look to the end of the year concerning, for example pasta, so once again, with a really good level of the volume. And so, we forecast a really good end of year. And so, we expected volume-wise we can achieve really good products. As you'll see on dairy despite everything we continue to grow, this is mainly due to strategical organic growth in which we are continuing to work because as you know, as you've seen in the last year our business development entity is always keeping a really strong organic growth. So, we think that the second half seen altogether, I want to anticipate that because of course then you have to look at the end of the year as really important moment for us for the seasonality of many, many categories. So, in the next six months we expect to have really good result by the end of the year. In term of volume, revenue despite, of course, the deflation and marginality as a main focus for the company. Okay. Thank you. And a follow up, if I may. Can you give us a little more indication on the performance of Princes so far in terms of revenues, so you were saying not the same weakness we've seen for Newlat standalone and also in terms of profitability, because as far as I remember, Princes already had a few initiatives already in pipeline to improve its profitability. So, I was wondering whether there has been execution in this respect before your closing days, let's say, so, what's the situation starting point today for Princes? And the last point, sorry, I don't know if you have now better idea about possible integration costs, one-off which we might be aware of? Thank you very much. I didn't understand the last question Paola,  (00:44:11). Yes. It was about possible integration costs you might have a one-off for this year,  in case (00:44:18) we should be aware of anything in this respect? Between Newlat and Princes, you mean? Yes. For the integration, I mean, any I don't know layoff consultancy like this? Thank you. So, Fabio, I leave the floor for you, for Princes. About the financial performance, I like once again that we share the net financial position because for us at this stage, the most important point to share is the fact that the deleverage plan that we presented and I remember some skeptical comment is absolutely achievable. And it's clear that if companies continue to generate cash, obviously the operating performance that there is underlying that is going on so well. At the moment, we are  inside business (00:45:22) since one month, we decided not to share any data, but be able to prepare the right pro forma basis. The comparable base to share during the nine months result in substantially, roughly one month. At the moment what we can tell you is that all the main strategic goal that we had in mind by the end of this fiscal year are going on well. We are putting in place a lot of actions everywhere in terms of cost, in terms of working capital, in terms – also in terms of the integrations, commercial activity. There are a lot of things to do, probably it's too early to see I would say a full result for all these action. But the first steps are absolutely in line with our plan. About extraordinary cost to share we don't have at the moment a precise idea for the end of the year, in the sense that every week we implement the strategy with new actions, we have new discussion. I think that at the end, this is not from our point of view, materialize in the sense that it will be an extraordinary cost. What we believe that it is important is to drive the business to step by step match the leverage that we have in mind and also the margin improvement, because it's clear that the opportunity that we saw in Princes was also the fact that a company with this position, this leading market position in different segment could substantially run at different margin than the 5.5% is substantially is our idea. And despite exceptional cost that we may find during the aggregations or also during the reorganization of Princes standalone. Okay. Thank you very much. You're welcome. So I think that's more questions from the chat. If anyone has  (00:48:32) question, please go ahead. May I have  (00:48:38) question. I was wondering whether in terms of outlook for materials also including the categories covered by Princes. Is there anything which we should monitor specifically in this moment which might be an issue for you? I mean although  (00:48:59) new store will be on synergies and the integration, but looking to the underlying context for material, is there  (00:49:10) of critical. At the moment we don't have material area of I would say alert or weakness in terms of raw material. What I can tell you generally speaking about the procurement, we have there a very interesting opportunity to have cost decrease, material benefit more than some challenges that we can experience  (00:49:44) to the market. At the moment, we don't have this situation. So, everything is in line with the expectations and without particularly  swing (00:49:57) into the market. Okay. Thank you. So, if there are no more questions we might undergo. If anyone has a last minute question. Otherwise, we remain at your disposal for any questions. You can send us an email. You can call us, and we will be able – we will be happy to answer your questions. Thank you. Thanks a lot to everyone. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
            