
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Netwealth Group Limited Annual Results FY 2024. All participants are in a listen only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Matt Heine, CEO and Managing Director. Please go ahead. Thank you, Travis. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for dialing in. My name is Matt Heine. I'm the CEO and Managing Director of Netwealth. And I'm joined by Grant Boyle, our CFO. It gives me great pleasure to deliver today the FY 2024 financial results. Before we start, I'd also like to acknowledge a country. We acknowledge the traditional owners of the lands that we work and live on. Our office here and where we're presenting from this morning is in Sydney on the lands of the Gadigal people of the Eora nation. We celebrate the stories, culture and traditions of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people of all nations, and pay our respects to elders past and present. Moving across to the business and financial highlights. Last year was a fantastic year for Netwealth. We finished the financial year with a funds under administration of AUD 88 billion, which represented a record AUD 22 billion of gross inflows and a net inflow of AUD 11.2 billion. Pleasingly, and as a result of this growth, we delivered total income of AUD 255.2 million, growth of AUD 40.5 million and 18.9%. EBITDA as a result for the year was a growth of AUD 23.9 million or 23.8%, delivering an NPAT, net profit after tax of AUD 83.4 million or a 24.1% growth rate. We also were able to pick up a number of awards, and given Australia's success at the Olympics, would be remiss not to mention that we were the number one platform as rated by Chant West for Best Advised Product. We won the best product offering and best transaction tools in the Investment Trends Report and we were named the leader in the high net worth segment. Whilst we also delivered a number of  (00:02:20) outcomes throughout the year  (00:02:22), approximately 25,000 additional children went through our financial literacy program, taking the total to 125,000 since this program began five or so years ago. If we turn to page 9, this is an important slide and really shows that the Netwealth strategy and also the tailwinds that support it have been very successful. We grew our market share to 7.7% at the end of March. And as you can see, the dominance of the specialist platforms continues with both us and the specialist platforms continuing to lead the way, while there's many of the incumbents, despite their significant market share, have resulted in negative net inflows. This is further seen on page 10, we can see the trend, which we believe will continue for many years to come. Turning to page 11, we are really pleased also just with the continued diversity of the platform across all of our key market segments. Whilst there's a number of charts here, the takeaway is that our key segments, being the emerging affluent, established affluent and the mass affluent continues to deliver and the platform is now very evenly split, spread between our investment product, super product and also our wholesale clients. From a product perspective $88 billion in FUA that we recorded the end of the financial year, we saw an increase in our accelerator core to 4.4%, which was the result of AUD 476 million of new flows into the products subsequent to its launch. For the total year, it was 179% increase. From a new business perspective and from a composition of the flows looking at page 12, also really pleasing to see that the bulk of the flows, so 83% of our inflows for the year or AUD 9.3 billion came from existing clients. So that is clients that were already on the platform. However, 17% of the flows or AUD 1.9 billion came from advisors that joined throughout the financial year. As many of you on the call would know, it is these new clients or the new financial intermediaries that actually paved the way and would deliver flows now for the next two to three years, giving us a very high level of confidence in our flows. On page 13, I'm also very pleased to announce the accelerated acquisition of Xeppo. Xeppo has been a business that we've been working with for a number of years and own already 25%. We increased this to 100% as of yesterday. And it's really part of our broader strategy, which I'll talk about shortly, and we believe will be critical as we move further and further into an AI driven future. The Xeppo business provides us with significant data to now not only deliver fantastic services to our end clients, but also to advisors to help them further improve their business efficiency and also the governance. Skipping across to page 16, just a quick recap on our strategy. As the platform continues to evolve, it's been really important for us to make sure that we've got a very clear focus on what it is that we're delivering to our customers. And the earlier announcement of  (00:05:38) into this. We built the business across four key segments. That is our Wealth Solutions, so the financial products that we offer, the investors wrap, super wrap and also the managed account. Our WealthTech products, which is the client portal and all of the customer facing technology. Insights & Analytics, which includes a lot of the Xeppo dashboards as well as very detailed reporting on the platform. And Partners & Integrations, which continue to grow very rapidly, including both data integrations, but also new partnerships, including the iCapital partnership that was announced earlier in the year. I won't spend a lot of time on the strategy and we can take questions on it after the – during – at the end of the call. However, if you skip to page 21, you'll notice that across all of these four parts of the business, we've delivered very significant and meaningful enhancements to the platform. That included, as I mentioned earlier, the relaunch of our accelerator core product, enhancements to our new non-custodial offer, the launch of small bond service product, mobile app digital content to drive advisor efficiency, as well as the iCapital announcements that I touched on. From a corporate sustainability perspective, again, a really pleasing year for the business. And as we touched on earlier or previously, the main impact that we can have on as a business is actually to continue to enhance our core business, given the nature of the business that we are in. Outside of that, however, we are also very focused on fostering diversity, talent and well-being. A number of major investments throughout the year. But we're also really pleased to accept measurable gender diversity targets of 40/40/20 for the board and executive team. And in 2024, we met that board target. We've also rolled out our inaugural three year inclusion and diversity roadmap. From a positive social and environmental impact perspective, we've continued to expand the range of ESG options on the platform. And across the various products, we now offer 76 themed funds and 200 funds with an above average or high sustainability rating as assessed by Morningstar. We've also granted AUD 116,000 to different charities from the Netwealth Impact Fund since its inception in 2021 and will continue to grow that and to make sure it's got a positive contribution in the community. In regards to being genuine and transparent, this is also the first year that we've received our SOC 2 reasonable assurance from our auditors, and this really provides external assurance that the effective controls are in place for Netwealth platform over the security, availability, processing integrity, confidentiality, and privacy of customer data, which we know is so important to our customers in this day and age. We've also improved our human rights and modern slavery programming and provided training to our employees and our board. So on that, I'm going to hand over to Grant Boyle, our CFO, who's going to run through the financial metrics for FY 2024. Thank you. Grant. Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone. So back to the numbers now. We'll go to slide 26. Matt went through those highlights before, but just so sort of sink in how we had really good revenue growth of AUD 40.5 million, which was 18.9% on the previous year, so that we landed in a AUD 255 million. EBITDA was at AUD 124.7 million, an increase of AUD 23.9 million or 23.8%. So really, really strong growth for the year and we were very excited to hit those numbers. Moving through to slide 27. The revenue growth of 23.8% was predominantly driven by the growth in funds under administration, which grew by 25.2% over the same period, plus had really strong transaction revenues, which were up 33% on the prior year. These were somewhat offset by the reductions in the cash balances and lower overall admin margins. But overall, we're very happy with the revenue growth we're able to achieve over that period. Increases in total operating expenses, on the other hand, grew at 14.5% and that – and this gap between the revenue and the expenses obviously contribute to improving EBITDA margin, which was at 48.8% and for the second half was approximately 50%. Statutory NPAT was AUD 83.4 million, an increase of AUD 16.2 million or 24.1%, and no coincidence, EPS increased by 24.1% also. As usual, we had exceptional cash generation. We had very high pre operating cash flow of AUD 127.3 million and that flowed through to a dividend that was declared this morning, AUD 0.14 per share, which brings the total for the year at AUD 0.28. And that dividend was again fully franked. So to summarize the finances, we're in – it was another really good operating result, really strong profit growth. And at the same time, we've been able to continue to invest for our future growth. Moving now to slide 28. These are some of the operating metrics that we report at the quarterly. Some of these – I think it's important to highlight them again as they drive a lot of the profit growth that we've achieved. They still grow again with 25.2%. That was on the back of AUD 11.2 billion of net flows. Non-custodial flows were at AUD 284 million. Net service, as Matt mentioned, is now AUD 448 million, which has been some really decent growth of  (00:11:26). Market movement contributed AUD 6.5 billion to the growth in FUA. And this is something we've highlighted in recent updates that market growth is definitely a positive contributor to our revenue, but it's much more muted impact than – on our revenue than normal new flows due to the structure of our revenue model, which we've touched on a bit later if we choose. The cash distraction around revenue model, which we talked on a bit later, if we chose. The cash transaction account is at 6.0%, which is down from 6.4% in the prior year. Moving now to slide 29. This sets out the growth in our average fund account size. This is a really positive trend for us. The larger the account sizes deliver the next slide which – next chart across which is the increasing revenue per account, have been very consistent in being able to grow that metric. And that's for us the most important revenue metric in that if we can grow revenue per account, that the economics for Netwealth remained very strong. So we grew the revenue per account by AUD 117 per account this financial year. And the slide in the right shows the basis points, which on the surface looks like a disturbing trend, but you can see it's actually flattened out pretty nicely over the recent years. It did decrease in FY 2024. And that's really on the back of positive market movements predominantly. The positive market movements actually have an inverse effect on basis points as some of the revenue streams don't move up with the market due to the fee caps that are in place. Also, we had a lower average account, so we had lower average cash balances. So that had a slight drag on the basis points, particularly in the second half. So the second half, we had 31.1 basis points versus the average of 32 basis points for the year. One other thing to highlight on the revenue, we reclassified one item that – which was outside platform revenue this year, the cost of capital recovery that we – for the capital we provide in super fund. We move that into platform revenue. That's really probably where it always should have belonged. So now made that decision. And all the comparatives that you see there are on the same basis. It had a about 0.8 basis point impact – positive impact on the revenue basis points to the platform fee. Moving now to slide 30, which is just – which shows the components of our revenue. We've achieved very impressive compound annual growth of 18.6%, steady improvement across all of the categories and some demonstration of the diversification since we've progressed along the journey. The only major change for the year, major transaction revenue did grow as relative to admin fees over the last 12 months and certainly after a good start this year with transaction volumes. Volatility showing some signs. Slide 32, this sets out the changes in the – actually, move to slide 31, apologies – back on slide. We've always been very disciplined in managing our costs. So we sort of try and balance the long term growth objectives that we have whilst keeping the rate of expense growth under control. And this year, we had operating expenses which were up 14.5%. A major driver of that was as always employee benefit expense, which was up AUD 13 million for the year. We added 60 roles, which I can touch on in the next slide, which is slide 32. Most of the roles historically have been in the technology area. We've got more of a mixture this year. If you recall at the end of last year, we had a large number of – normally a large number of vacancies in operations area. So we filled those during the early part of the FY 2024. So that's why you see more roles hired in the SAS and investment operations areas than normal. But we still – and 15 to the technology team and  (00:16:08) operations, so 60 hires during the year. So with that, we'll move to the final slide, which is sort of the summary, which is that we are in excellent financial position with a strong balance sheet, we've got low capital expenditure, we've got cash reserves growing at a rapid rate. But we've got plenty of runway ahead. And therefore, we're very confident in our outlook and our growth opportunities. And with that, I'll hand back to Matt Heine. Thank you, Grant. And just to build on that outlook, we're obviously in fantastic financial shape, as Grant mentioned. We're very positive about our new business pipeline and also our conversion rates. And we're seeing really good growth and opportunity across all of our key segments. There's been several significant new client wins that have all begun transitioning at the start of the year and at the end of last year. And as you were seeing on the first slide, that's resulted in approximately AUD 1.2 billion of our net inflows for July alone. We do plan to continue our significant investments in our people, product, security and technology capabilities to ensure that we capture the substantial number of existing and emerging opportunities in the market, which we will believe – which we believe, in addition to the structural tailwinds, will contain – continue our sustainable profit growth. This investment will result in a small percentage increase in the rate of expense growth in FY 2025 compared to FY 2024. All that said, we are very confident in our outlook and future growth opportunities, which we believe still remain extremely significant. And with that, we will open up to questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  The first question today comes from Siraj Ahmed from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Good morning, Matt. Good morning, Grant. Hey, Siraj. I'll ask three questions if that's okay. The first one just on flows, and this got multiple parts. Can you just confirm that July is seasonally a quite month? Just wondering whether it's super strong because it's seasonally soft. And just in terms of the transitions, do you reckon this is – it's frontend weighted towards the first half or the first quarter? Just trying to understand whether this continues for the whole of the financial year. And lastly, on the flows that were – you saw the news from  AMP (00:18:45). I've had a few questions on whether this could be another tailwind for you. I know it's a bit early, but just keen to understand how you're thinking about that. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, Siraj. You're a little bit muffled, but I think I got the whole gist of it. So we obviously reported the flows for July, which is different for us. That net was really to stop the – all the guessing games in terms of how much was market movement, how much is flows. So just so look at – we know what the flow number is for July. So, let's give it. It's diversified. It's not just any particular large group. But we did flag at the back end of last year that we had quite a few transitions that were lined up and some of those had kicked off, but they were at the early stages. So that's just that pipeline that we've been calling out for a while is starting to flow through. In terms of how you think about for the rest of the year, we're obviously confident about the rest of the year, but we're not giving any particular guidance on whether that's a reflection of what the monthly flows is going forward, because it's just too early to say. Yeah. I think you are correct that July is typically slightly softer than other months, and it has been a very strong start to the year. And Matt, just on  AMP (00:20:04), the changes announced last week, whether that's – you had mentioned one of the other group's change was positive. Whether this has any impact at all. I mean, I know it's a bit early, but still... Yeah. I mean, the news is on the  (00:20:21) looks at it certainly. We were working closely with  AMP (00:20:21) and we were getting good support as a group, but entirety  (00:20:30) practices are all very good supporters of Netwealth and we've got good relationship with the new licensees. So we would imagine, as with all of the major changes, that there should be some really good opportunities as a result. And just one quick one. The mention of practice management and advice management is pretty interesting. That seems new. So I'm just keen to understand what you're trying to do there, and what do you see as the opportunity? And is this a new revenue stream or just more about supporting the platform business? Thanks. Sure, Siraj.  (00:21:05) that question. It's a bit difficult to hear. Just the advice management and practice management, the fact that you're heading into that area. Yeah, just keen to understand the strategic reason for that. And is that a new revenue stream for you? Thanks. Yeah, absolutely. So it's certainly our real focus for the business over the last couple of years. And moving forward, it's really around  (00:21:27) sort of a high level classifying as advice enablement  (00:21:30) efficient so that they can see more clients. And you'll see this reference a number of times throughout the announcement, that ability to sort of multiply our existing client base by giving them tools such as records of advice and much better transaction tools on the platform. The Xeppo acquisition is a big part of it that now allows us to further capture data from other pockets within the industry. So for multi-disciplinary firms, we can connect into data from around 40 different enterprise solutions that can be delivered via the Netwealth portal. So we can and will continue to develop the ability to show other platform information through our portals. But as a byproduct to that, we've also got very significant data sources to provide very detailed practice reporting. So through the acquisition of Xeppo, we're able to move and offer a much broader solution to our clients without deviating or going into anything that's to create new adjacencies. As far as the new revenue stream, the business is effectively breakeven at the moment, and we will look to continue to grow the profitability as there are a number of services within the Xeppo business, such as CRM, obviously, the data piece that we can sell through our existing client base. So I wouldn't expect it to move the dial per se, but it's a really important part of the broader Netwealth stack, a consistent (00:22:52) key point of differentiation in the market. Thanks, Siraj. Thank you. The next question comes from Nicholas McGarrigle from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Hi, team. Can you just give us a sense of the type of advisor groups that are making up the AUD 1.2 billion and maybe or just the kind of momentum in the pipeline? And if any of those types of groups maybe have changed in composition versus a year or two years ago? Because it feels like you're making really great progress across a broader suite of client now than you may be used to. Yeah. So  (00:23:32) one off institutional accounts within that AUD 1.2 billion is extremely spread across those three key market segments that we talked about, being the emerging, established and mass affluent parts of this market. And I think if you were to look at the – the makeup of the platform for us, whether that's super retail, investment retail or wholesale demand would reflect that broadly. So we think that that's going to continue. And what we will certainly  (00:24:01) that's likely institutional flows, the flows achieved last financial year and included a couple of very sort of small institutional accounts if you like. So when you actually back those out, the growth on the previous financial year was significant. Congratulations on the new role, Nick, too. Thank you. Now, my most passionate role is covering Netwealth. Well, we hope you stick on it.   (00:24:31) momentum on that. Yeah. In terms of the OpEx growth you've guide to, I think the wording is usually very considered. I think it's kind of a slight percentage increase on the 15% rate. Can you just talk through the kind of types of highs and maybe even a head cap number if you've got that to hand that feed into that guidance? Yeah. We won't give a particular head count number. As we said, we added 60 last year. If we are going to grow by more than – in percentage terms than last year, you got to think that it's going to be a small increase on that. But we're not – the reason for giving that was really, there is a lot of this disparity amongst the analysts ranges, just to try and narrow that out. We're not  applying (00:25:22) a massive increase or else we wouldn't have had a small increase. It's just – I get too excited, but we always put these things in for a reason. So just assume there will be – the number will increase in percentage terms on what the increase was last year. I think as far as  growth (00:25:40) goes, it's the usual split, couple of additional IT head count and small or some one-off IT costs as well. It's pretty – clearly, we're growing at a rate that we expect to grow at. We're going to need to add some more service type people to handle that growth. But it'll be pretty much across the board we would expect. And just a last one for me. There's obviously been a bit of revenue margin compression from cash coming down, and I guess account balance is growing. The composition of new flows, does that look different in terms of the size of opportunity and hence the pricing that you're doing? Or how should we think about the revenue margin compression moving forward? Well, I think the trend obviously has been our account size is getting larger. We talked about that for years. So you would think there would be some obvious compression. Revenue accounts, revenue per account will go up, but they will be an increase in – a decrease in revenue margin, all things being equal. And in terms of how steep that is just depends on how skewed the mix is, these groups, I mean, in the first quarter and obviously early days are very well diversified but equally did have a success in a particularly high net worth  fruit (00:26:59) that could move the revenue margin more quickly than obviously  days (00:27:05) diversified like it is currently. Thank you. Thank you. The next question comes from Bob Chen from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Good morning, Bob. Hey, guys. Good morning, guys. Just to follow up on the cost guidance question. Obviously, a good step up in second half EBITDA margins. Should we expect that EBITDA margins maybe see a bit of pull back on this step up in cost growth into next year?   (00:27:36). So, revenue on – like we're not going to give any further guidance in terms of what we've provided today. So that's kind of where we landed. You've got – you all come to a view in terms of what our – what our likely flows are going to be and that will drive our revenue, our expenses will be a small increase in percentage terms from last year. That's as much as we're going to provide you today, Bob. Okay, cool. And then just looking at your sort of  (00:28:07) charts, it looks like the newer advisors contributed more this year compared to last year to your net inflows. Was that because they joined the platform earlier, or are you seeing some new advisors accelerating their transitions onto the platform? No, I think you might recall in 2023, long time ago now, was a pretty tough year and  (00:28:28) recorded pretty good net inflows for that year. A lot of the transitions that had been one had paused or not started, whereas they really started to gather pace early in the FY 2024 year. So it was really, I guess, the backlog of opportunities and business transitions from 2023 that kick started earlier in the year. And we had a very strong year winning new groups. Typically you'd say that would be more 80/20 I think or maybe even 85/15, but this is a little higher than normal. Okay. Perfect. And just a final one. Obviously, a fair bit of tech investment at the moment. I mean, how should we measure the success of this tech investment? Should we sort of look at your core growth accelerating on the back of this tech investment? Or is it more the revenue side with additional non-platform revenues coming on as well? We'll always invest into our tech. As you know, it's a big  (00:29:31) what our business is in our proposition. So the success of the investment will be a continued sustainable growth. Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Thank you.  The next question comes from Olivier Coulon from E&P. Please go ahead. Hi, gents, can you hear me okay? We can. Perfect. Just question on the Xeppo. Apologies if I missed it somewhere in the disclosure, but what's the size of that business revenue, if you could? And then is the costs that will, I guess, get consolidated, is that included in the kind of cost growth guidance or is that on a like for like basis? So the cost guidance does not include Xeppo specifically. And as Matt said, it is breakeven. The revenue is approximately AUD 3 million. Okay. Thanks. And then I guess, on the cost growth again, like longer term, do you expect to return to a significant degree of operating leverage or is the view that, well, as long as the revenue opportunities are there, you're going to continue to invest to maintain your gap between yourself and the other platforms? Yeah. So, I think we've always been hesitant to predict, expanding EBITDA margins, although we've always been able to achieve very good EBITDA margins. At the moment, second half was about 50%. We don't have a long-term target for it, but we have the ability to let that expand if we do slow down expense growth at any particular stage. At the moment, we've flagged there's going to be a small increase, but we're not – we haven't flagged like we did a number of years ago that we were accelerating our expense growth in any significant way. So I think the answer is it's there if we choose to let it expand. But at the moment, we see the opportunity more around building functionality so we can continue to grow into the future and make sure that our technology is in the best shape it can be to handle the level of growth that we think is available. And it also allows us to demonstrate over the years to absorb any pricing pressure that might come into the market. Yeah. Perfect. Sorry. Just to follow up on maybe Siraj's questions where he asked about the shape of some of those transitions from that backlog that started flowing through in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. Is there a view as to how much of that backlog kind of delivers into first half versus second half? Or do you think it's going to be relatively even? We've got good strong flows and we're very positive about the year. It's always difficult to predict the exact time when it's out of their control, but we know that it's started well, which is great. Okay. All right. Perfect. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Thank you. The next question is a follow up from Siraj Ahmed from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Grant, can you give us an update on the cash balance? Just wondering whether that's ticked up or staying steady. So haven't reported that number. We'll be reporting that again at the quarter, but in terms of the seasonality as those who followed us for a while, it always builds up somewhat in the first month or two of each financial year. That's just on the back of the fund manager distributions and share dividends. So it is typically higher this time of the year than at other times and that's proven the cases this year. Okay. Thanks. And just one last one. In the outlook statement, in the annual report, there's a mention about you're taking control or doing more in-house development of the key platform features. Can you expand on that? I'm just wondering whether you're moving away from IRS or something like that. Just as to keen to understand. Yes.  (00:34:21) I would say lifting and building out a lot of our capabilities on the platform effort for many years, and that includes some of the key features of security. So we are going to continue that strategy and make sure that we've diversified any risk away. But also, more importantly, by building it in-house and developing  (00:34:35) core capability. It gives us complete control and flexibility over the product into the future. So where it makes sense, we will continue to lift capability out of security and build it ourselves. Thanks. At this time, we're showing no further questions. I'll hand the conference back to Matt Heine for any closing remarks. Thanks very much. Thanks, everyone, for dialing in today. As mentioned, we're really pleased with the results that we've achieved 2024 and feeling very positive about the outlook for this financial year. Look forward to catching up separately. Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            