
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Pro Medicus Limited Half Year Results Briefing. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I'd now like to hand the conference over to Dr. Sam Hupert, CEO. Please go ahead. Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. As most people would know, Pro Medicus is a healthcare IT company, specializing in enterprise imaging. We have three jurisdictions, head office here in Melbourne, our R&D center for Visage in Berlin and our office in San Diego, where our biggest market is with the US now comprising roughly 90% of our revenue and growing. We have two product sets of Visage RIS, which was our first product, largely sold here in Australia and now in Canada and the product we sell in the US, which is Visage 7, which is the  radiologist Tesla (00:01:14) for our clinical product is our main revenue driver. But in the last 12 months, we had a major renewal for Visage RIS and we've seen some growth in our Australian business as a result. In terms of the results, definitely a record first half, not only in terms of all the financials, which we'll go into in a minute. But in pretty much every other key metric, we had a record number of new contract wins. We also had record dollar value of renewals and we've started to see some material revenue from upgrades, where clients who are existing clients take additional modules. We finished two major implementations in the half, including Baylor Scott & White, OHSU as well as others. We continue to make good progress with other ologies and AI and we believe the results have set a strong base for growth in FY 2025 and beyond. In terms of the financials, our revenue was up 31.1%, profit after tax up 42.7%. EBIT margins continue to grow. So it grew from about high 60s to 71.9%, half-to-half. Cash and other investments increased 17.7%. In the six months period, the company remains debt free and as a result, we've paid out a record half year dividend, up 38.9% and as usual fully franked. In terms of the revenue splits, many of you are familiar with this graph, the salmon pink at the bottom of the transaction revenue. And as expected, that continues to grow materially as new contracts layer on top of our existing ones and our existing ones continue to grow at above industry average. This is all recurring revenue. The blue is more  traditional style (00:03:14) service contracts, again recurring revenue, the green being for professional services, and the yellow at the top being for archive migrations. And as we sell more full stack as we call it, there's more migration revenue coming into the mix. So, all-in-all, a healthy growth across all the sections of our revenue. In terms of our highlights, started off with one of our smaller sales for a niche hospital called Lurie Children's. It sits next to Northwestern and Chicago, but it's a separate entity and it's one of the number of children's hospitals we've won in the last two years being a specialist market that is growing for us. We did have a renewal of a large RIS client here in Australia which was for AUD 32 million for five years and then followed by Mercy, one of our largest start IDN's with a renewal of 8 years which is actually longer than their original contract and the minimums on that renewal AUD 98 million over the eight. And then in November, just after the AGM, we announced our biggest deal to-date with Trinity. Again, at minimums, it's AUD 330 million over 10 years with room for growth in that contract. NYU Langone was AUD 24 million, five years that was them purchasing Visage 7 OA and transitioning from on-premise to cloud. And then we finished off the year with Duly Health in December. Duly is a private practice and a regional group, which I'll talk more about in a minute. And one last one on the next slide was Duke, again with the archive upgrade, a bit like NYU, transitioning from a third-party on-premise archive to Visage 7 OA and moving the whole thing into the cloud. Now we have the next two occurred post half-year results, but I thought I'd include them just to show that our run of new contract wins continues unabated. So in January we announced U Kentucky which is an academic obviously in the state of Kentucky and BayCare a large IDN in Florida. So we've had most probably our busiest period, in terms of new contract sales over the last two months. Baylor Scott & White implementation was completed in record time and our pipeline continues to be strong despite a slew of recent conversions from pipeline to contract. So the operation model serves us well. As most of you know, it's used in the vast majority of our contracts. The model is based on minimums, usually as a percentage of their previous 12 months volumes that they tell us about at the beginning of the contract and so each of these contracts that we announce has inherent upside in it, just based on the fact that no one commits to 100% of their volumes simply because they need a bit of headroom. Our forward revenue has jumped materially as you would expect to AUD 894 million over five years. Key things, it only includes five years or roughly half or only half of Trinity because it's a 10-year contract, so that second five years is still to come and any of the contracts that we announced beyond five years it only includes the first five years of that. So, we see a lot of potential upside that provides us  annuity string (00:06:48) with far greater predictability. We believe in operating leverage, it's highly scalable. There's no CapEx hardware or cloud fees, so all of the revenue we announce in these contracts is revenue to us. We do bill the professional services as you know they're roughly 10% of contract value and as we've noticed our margins have continued to grow as our footprint increases. The segments we work in, the one that's most known is the academic medical centers, where we currently do 11 out of the top 20. They used to be ranked, they're now listed alphabetically. We don't believe that anyone has got anywhere near that. I think our nearest competitor that's been in the market quite a bit longer than us would have two to three. So again, we've been able to show the product is well suited to that high-end, leading-edge, sophisticated user. But having said that, we have an increased footprint in the IDN space. Many of these are large and sophisticated. The difference being they don't have universities and medical schools, we've noticed the sale from very large to medium to small, which is important, so we can cover the bigger spread of the market. And many of our recent sales have been full stack. And as many of you have seen the slide in the AGM and other presentations, you'll notice the Trinity logo at the bottom, sort of rounding out what has been a huge segment of the market for us. The other area that we talked about previously and that starting to grow for us is the private market. These are usually groups of radiologists that had regional practices. Some of them have merged into consortia that where there's a practice in each state, and they may have some external funding, but most of the times, the doctors own the bulk of the equity. It was a market that was dormant for many years simply because there was a huge amount of private equity backed M&A and so people tend not to change their systems. But opportunities are opening up for us. The latest one in point is Duly Health, which is AUD 30 million, seven-year deal at minimums. Cloud is a key factor to this market. So, we think we have a good advantage there and we are starting to see a network effect. So we had Bay Imaging Consultants, a number of years ago. US Radiology which is one of the large rollouts and it's one of its biggest divisions, Charlotte Radiology has recently come on-board of a competitive system. CRO based in Minneapolis and Duly, which we just announced just in the last half. So a growing segment of the market for us. So, we're really covering all bases. As mentioned during the last year, Visage RIS, we had a major renewal. We have long-term contracts with two of the largest radiology groups in Australia. We are seeing some upside and that's driven not just the pricing accretion, but some organic growth within these groups that has driven some upside in our Australian business during the half. We often test our application and look  at it compared to (00:10:19) others in the market and we're still 100% convinced we're the number one in the three key areas that differentiate systems, speed, functionality and scalability. And in that scalability piece, cloud is a huge strategic advantage because most RFPs now coming to market will stipulate cloud as the platform because most of the large health enterprises know they need to transition to cloud from on-premise. The other thing that's driving adoption is massive data explosion continues to go unabated. We have new technologies like photon-counting where the file are absolutely massive – traditional systems crack, in terms of trying to display and manipulate those sorts of images, which differentiate us even more so in the market. The interesting thing is, wherever there is  a department (00:11:20) the first  of enterprise, the first department (00:11:24) to crack, as we call it as breast imaging, simply because of the volume and the volume of data in the US, 3D breast imaging or Breast Tomosynthesis has become the preferred screening methodology. So you have this massive explosion of datasets that we are now seeing and helps and when we look at groups like US radiology that came to us because their breast imaging system was under stress. We see this a lot in the market as the sort of canary in the coal mine as  to weighting (00:12:03) systems need to change. Legacy technology is compress and send  paper (00:12:07) file, compress it, unpack at the local workstation that has to be highly configured and manipulated there. The problem is that datasets are getting too big to do that in a timely manner. We moved from one system that was taking between 10 to 20 minutes to do that for tomosynthesis remotely  to ours (00:12:30) which is less than 1.5 second. So the delta can be huge. Because we don't compress and send. It is a streaming technology, which means that all the manipulation and rendering in 3D is done centrally, when we stream pixels to the radiologists and no matter where they are, 99.5% of their work is  (00:12:54) depending on the modality. So our solution is really a streaming platform based on a central core of cloud, one application that does everything from clean X-rays through the most sophisticated advanced imaging, 3D, 4D fusion and breast that used to be done by standalone systems in the past. And we're now adding the other ologies to that same platform extension of the software as a license. So that concept of one core product spinning off multiple applications in cloud as a service, we're building towards and achieving that. The other thing that's really important for us is fast track implementation. We believe we can do it in  quarters, sometimes a tenth of (00:13:47) time of our competitors and we completed Baylor Scott & White. They signed them within 11 months one of the largest IDNs in the country was fully live across all their regions, including the commencement of data migration and everything else, which has never been done in that timeframe before. So we think it is a record implementation time. I won't go through all the sales  just some of them (00:14:14). The key highlights in terms of volumes and it was Trinity. It is one of the top 10 IDNs in North America. It's AUD 330 million at minimum, 10-year deal. It is a full stack, which is  field worker star card (00:14:29) it will be 100% cloud deployed. Implementation is scheduled to start in September of this year. Because of their size and regions across 19 states, the implementation will be phased over an 18-month period. And we do believe it's one of the largest deals in radiology, IT that has been announced. Duly, I mentioned it because we talk about the private market. It's one of our largest sales to-date in that market. It confirms our platform is suited to pretty much all market segments and we think we're unique in that regard. And sales like Duly open more opportunities in this space which we believe will grow for us going forward. We have talked for many years about the ability to  sell back, particularly our carbon workers (00:15:23) to existing clients and in the half we signed two material upgrades one with NYU Langone and the second one with Duke both existing clients. The core of the upgrade was the adoption of Visage 7 OA from the third-party archive and moving the whole technology stack into cloud. So AUD 24 million for NYU over five years and AUD 15 million. So, AUD 39 million of additional revenue from existing clients. So, we believe the Visage 7 OA will be a catalyst transition to cloud to other clients. And I think it shows a tried and proven path for those clients with on-premise to transition seamlessly to cloud with us. The renewals, as I mentioned, two in the first half, Mercy, a very large one. We also had a large RIS client. So, we still maintain our record of 100% renewals to-date. All renewals, including the RIS renewal was at a higher price point than the original contracts and many for longer terms than the original contract. So, we believe  this plus people who upgrade with us (00:16:37) confirm their confidence in our product because they wouldn't do such long-term renewals, if they didn't have that inherent confidence. We are known as being the most expensive, but have the best ROI. Many of you have seen this slide. It's not just in terms of financials, which we provide an unparalleled return, but also in terms of clinical capability and acumen. So we do move the needle when it comes to clinical outcomes, but we do have a large number of places where clinicians have told us that they're able to do things that they previously couldn't do or if they could, it would take me too long, so they didn't do it. Here are some of the quotes that we get, things like I've never been able to visualize vessels like this. These are the sorts of things that a neuroradiologist needs to do on one in two cases that they do every day. So the fact that they're able to do it intuitively, rapidly and then see things that others don't see, it makes a meaningful difference  than (00:17:46) clinically throughout their workloads. The other thing that has really become very prevalent in the industry is the radiology work for shortage. It's global, it's acute. And in my 40 years in the business, I've never seen it as acute as it is at this point in time. It is worldwide as I've said, it's because of a reduced intake of radiology residents a few years ago for the fear that AI would take over. With larger datasets and just more images to look at, radiology is growing at 2% to 3% per year and people are looking at work-life balance. So, all of these things together are creating a situation where some groups even starting to cut back on existing contracts, not bidding for new work simply because they can't cover, in terms of manpower. We believe we have a surefire way of addressing this. We know that  with Visage (00:18:53) the various – for a number of reasons, radiologists are that much more efficient. We start 20% to 25% of the average, we often will see even more than that in the field. So, we believe it helps directly address this issue of radiologist shortage and what they call radiologists burnout where they just can't get through the load that they have in front of them. Cloud is an important part of our offering. We see the whole transition has been, quite a lot of push behind it in the US. We haven't done an on-prem implementation in the US now in roughly four years. Importantly we are – we can work and have large-scale implementations in all the three big clouds, AWS, Azure and Google GCP. So, if the client has a preference for one over the other, we're able to work within that and we see there's a huge strategic advantage, because we know a lot of our competitors talk cloud, but in reality, we believe that we're the only ones who can actually execute on that and give them a full 100% cloud implementation. Our growth strategy. We continue to deliver on it. We expand our footprint with new clients. As I said, the last six months has been a record number of new contracts in terms of dollar value that we've done in any six-month period. We've seen strong growth in transactions from existing clients over and above industry average. We are with our new products like Visage 7  (00:20:30) selling those not only as full stack but in the case of NYU and Duke, as additional module stack to existing clients and we're leveraging our R&D capability for next-generation products in cardiology and AI. The TAM in the US, AUD 650 million growing roughly 2% to 3% per year. We believe we're able to address 100% of that from a product point of view. And as we've seen, we've been able to deal with the top academic medical centers in the US as well as private groups, large IDNs, midsized groups, so really up and down spectrum across the different market segments. Our current penetration has gone up with recent sales from around 70% to just under 9% of the market and growing. So whilst we've made terrific inroads, we believe there's still a huge amount of runway addressable for us. The pipeline continues to grow. So it's a dynamic team, clearly with all the recent slew of new contracts that we moved from pipeline to contract. That decremented the pipeline, but I'm pleased to say, particularly following RSNA, we've had a number of net new opportunities to helping replenish all of that. And there's been a number of opportunities in the pipeline for a number of – throughout 2024, which is standard because sales are usually an 18-month, 2-year period. So despite having record number of sales, we are seeing great rate of replenishment across all the market segments and across all the market size of opportunities. Open Archive, I won't talk too much more about it. Most of you know it, it is, what we think is the lever for a lot of our existing on-prem clients to  (00:22:25) and then transition to cloud as part of that strategy. It's also a very integral part of our full stack offering that has become very popular in the market. The Workflow it's similar. We see – we've sold it back to a number of existing clients. We see it as a key product in helping prospective clients because many of them want a full stack, regardless of size, the smaller ones almost routinely, but then look at large ones like Trinity, one of the largest IDNs have gone full stack with us as well and a lot of the IDNs in between. The One viewer cardiology, Pleased to announce that we will be doing our first implementation of that. We've got contracted client, it will start in April of this year. It will be for the full cardio  Echo package (00:23:16), previously, we've had parts of it in test and working in various clients, but this will be the first full cardiac package that we will deploy and that will commence and be fully deployed in April of this year. AI, we seem to make good progress. We showed some new works, some progress in AI at RSNA last year in December. They've been well received and they will progress through the commercialization pipeline. We do see that the AI market has had a lot of hype in the past. There's been a lot of disappointment, but we believe the timing for when there will be some commercial reality around it is in the near future and we're positioning ourselves to take advantage of all of that. We have our leadership team as part of the AI and that is currently being bolstered with some new recruits. The Visage 7 platform, as we mentioned, just from a pure platform point of view, is very well suited to AI and we see that we not only will develop our own, we will develop them with joint partners, but we will be part of that third-party ecosystem. And as many of you know, we've made an investment in a company called Elucid, which has  kept (00:24:38) AI for cardiac CT, one of their two modules has now received FDA approval. And we will be looking to help integrate that and put it out into the market in around six months' timeframe. So we're starting to see activity there. In terms of our US  Visage Pro (00:24:58) this was released just around a year ago as part of the Vision Pro from Apple. We've just participated in the first Spatial Computing Conference in Medicine  at shop (00:25:16) a health system in San Diego, where we were keynote speakers and then had an enormous amount of positive feedback because our application is currently available, unlike a lot of others that are sort of works in progress. So we are seeing some real-world applications starting to appear, particularly in interventional radiology, surgery and other areas where immersive or spatial computing will actually help in the diagnosis and medical treatment. As I mentioned, it was launched a year ago. We are seeing some very interesting use cases starting to emerge and we think we'll see more and more being piloted and developed within the next 12 months to 18 months. We think it's also very important that it underpins our belief that our technology is adding to 24 months ahead of the competition. We don't know any of our competitors that is able to use the Vision Pro or have an application for it like we've been able to do. Just rounding out RSNA I think it was conference of the year. 2024 was our biggest ever, not only in terms of the booths, we built a small city and this is just one part of it, conference rooms, demonstration areas. But it was also our biggest in terms of client engagement, prospective clients, existing clients. So, it's pretty much non-stop from Sunday to Wednesday, so four days solidly booked throughout. This was our team this year. You'll notice I am smiling in the front  in the cart (00:27:00) I used to do it early, but I made sure that they have to wait until I got there. But we had a team of 52 people and everyone was pretty much  flat checked (00:27:11) throughout the period. So our biggest and best RSNA to-date. And certainly, we're looking at using those leads in RSNA to – that's fit strongly back into our pipeline. We also build a new product, which is Chat. It's a joint development between Melbourne and Berlin R&D which we – is a thing that we see continuing. It will be going live within the next few months, within a key site in the US and then will be available as an additional module for existing users. Finally, summary and then I'll open to questions. It was a record year, revenue and NPAT by quite a margin. We had two major contract renewals. We had our biggest record of new sales in the half with a minimum TCV of AUD 385 million. We had two major implementations completed that are now going to contribute to the second half and onwards and they're both material, OHSU and Baylor Scott & White. We continue to have a strong pipeline across a broad range of opportunities. We're strategically positioned to leverage the AI and other ologies. As I mentioned, cardiology will be installed at its first site in April. And RSNA was our biggest to-date. So thanks very much, and we can now open up to questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question today comes from Garry Sherriff with RBC. Please go ahead. Good morning, Sam and Clayton. Two questions, one on pipeline and the other on AI. If I look at the pipeline, is there any way we can get a sense of the quantum now versus six months ago? Just trying to get a level of color or quantification given you've had a really strong contract win rate in recent months. I'm just wondering whether that pipeline refresh rate has kept up. So, I guess that's question number one, just in relation to the pipeline. Yeah. Well, these things are very dynamic. So if you have a look at it, we've always said the pipeline is lumpy, but they'll convert from pipeline to contract when they do. We've had an unprecedented amount in a two-month window, which is a plus. But having said that, there were plenty of opportunities that were already in the pipeline. And following RSNA, obviously, there were a number of existing ones that came to see us, but actually a material number of new ones that have subsequently followed up with us. So, whilst we don't give an exact number, we're very pleased with the replenishment rate and  how the others in (00:30:29) the pipeline is still progressing. Understood. And in terms of AI, Sam, I mean, if I look at Harrison.ai as an example, they've just recently raised  $180 million (00:30:43) for their radiology AI suite with plans to expand to the US. Are there any plans in terms of partnership agreements with the likes of Harrison.ai for your AI strategy? Or do you see the likes of them as being more a competitor to your offering? Just trying to get an update on the AI strategy and using someone like Harrison.ai, who's a local player and attracting funding and clearly pushing to that AI radiology space? So I'll answer the second part first, definitely not a competitor. So we do see AI and the algorithms coming from three buckets. Ones we develop ourselves, ones we co-develop with our research partners like NYU, Mayo, Yale and others and then third party. And so Harrison would be in that third bucket. We know the Tran brothers as well, because as you said, they're local. And yes, we're looking to  where they're (00:31:45) best in breed. So look, we can put it on our platform, we can integrate it more tightly than having it as a standalone. And so we are looking at those relationships. Now, Elucid is one of those. You heard about it a little earlier than normal, because we took an equity stake in it. But we don't need to take equity stake, given that we're now somewhere roughly around 9% of the market and growing. We think we have a compelling proposition for those third-party players. So yeah, you'll see our ecosystem expand in that direction, something we flagged in the past. So yes, they certainly could be, now that they've got FDA. They certainly could be one of those parties, but definitely not a competitor. Thank you. Your next question comes from Annabel Li from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Good morning, Sam and Clayton. I have just got two questions. First one, good visibility on your contracted revenue growth as Trinity and others come online. Just from a timing perspective, can you help us understand some of the drivers between the first half and the second half? And is it reasonable to assume that revenue growth will accelerate in the second half? Thanks, Annabel. Yes, it will. Implementation of Baylor Scott & White, as Sam mentioned, was completed in September. So we had three months' worth of revenue in the first half. Clearly, we'll have six months' revenue for that in the second half. And also Oregon Health & Science was the same – slight bit of revenue within the first half, which will have a full six months' worth of revenue. And as we implement new opportunities in January and February, such as Nationwide and Nicklaus and Moffitt, there'll be part revenues of that throughout the period. So there will be some of the revenue drivers that come through. In terms of margin expansion, it's obviously been a fairly strong one throughout the period. The only one – the only cost that's not replicated in the second half is the RSNA cost. So, that's usual from half-to-half. Yeah. And the only other thing I'd add, Annabel is, of all the new contracts  their revenue won't start (00:34:09) that's all ahead of us. That won't start until first half 2026. So, we anticipate good second half and an even bigger step-up into 2026, as the contracts we've just announced will start coming on stream. Great. And second, on the cardiology contract. Are you able to provide a bit more color around what ultimately got this across the line? Maybe how long this process took, how many discussions are currently live or what's unique about this customer that might make this package more attractive? Any color on this would be helpful. Thank you. Sure. So with Cardiology, we're not quite back where we were with radiology 10, 15 years ago. Obviously we've got reputation, we've got the platform in there, but you're dealing with a slightly different end users, particularly around Echo, because it's all done by cardiologists, not radiologists. So last thing in the organization and dealing with radiology and having a good reputation helps, you still have to win the hearts and minds of the cardiologists. And I think, we've been able to do this  with that (00:35:21) in this instance. And I think you'll see more of that coming through as people understand that the product offering not only has all the benefits of what the radiology one has, but it also has a lot of the feature function, the cardiologists need over and above radiology. And I think this sort of proves that point and clearly we'll use that as a key reference sign, a key learning sign. So, the first one is always the biggest step and that's now been done and contracted, so clearly we were able to do all those things, convince cardiologists and show the feature function. Thank you. Your next question comes from Josh Kannourakis from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Hi, Sam and Clayton. Thanks for taking my question. Just first one, just on Trinity Health, can you give us a little bit more detail on both the split up of the contract just with regard to archive, the work list, but also just in terms of some of the, what the migration costs are within that contract and also just a little bit more context around the waiting of the timeframe, like is it evenly spread out over that 18-month period or should we sort of think about some of it front end or back ended? Yeah. In terms of data migration that'll commence in the second half, I won't give specifics on how much that is because we can run through that separately, in terms of the  exam split (00:36:58) viewer archive work list, we've been pretty consistent that viewer is around 60%, 65% archive around 25% and work list, the remainder. And once they go live throughout the period, that'll come through on all three products. The buildup over 18 months will be  exam revenue (00:37:19) will continue to build where a lot of the sites will be complete by the end of the calendar year and then there are two hospital groups that are a bit further out. So that's where the 18-month period comes from. So  will exam build up (00:37:36) over that 18 months' timeframe, data migration will start pretty much back in June, July of this period, so there'll be virtually no revenue within the financial year but more into the FY 2026 year. Yeah. The two at the end because they're changing their EHR and that's slated for 18 months and so we're trying to fit in with that timeframe. But the bulk of Trinity will be relatively linear over that 18 month period, and it may be accelerated over that but at this point in time it's scheduled for 18 months. So just to go back, so the eight year period after that will be fairly even. The two years building up will be exactly that. Yeah, no, that's perfect. Thanks, guys. And then just second question, just with regard to cardiology I know we – Annabel mentioned to it before, but you've got a couple of other, I think, trial sites still going. Are they still underway? And what has been the feedback from those sites and I guess, the possibility for those converting into commercial contracts over time? Yeah, the feedback is good. As I said, you've got to win the hearts and minds of cardiologists. And unlike radiologists, cardiologists are not in front of imaging all day, every day. It's a part of what they do, whereas with radiologists it's everything that they do. So getting their attention takes a little bit more effort. I think they have been pleasantly surprised at the speed of the application because some of them hadn't been exposed to it before. And cardiac ultrasound now, the file sizes are regularly a gig or more simply because of video that they put in there. So, I think we're getting very strong feedback. I think people are realizing how it could fit in to their existing recording systems because you have to report all the measurements and things for the government. And we've done a lot of work in that to set it in with  (00:39:41) other bits and pieces. So I think, it's all progressing really well. I think having our first one, the full kit is a very important first step and we're hopeful to have more. Thank you. Your next question comes from David Low from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Sam, I noticed in the interview that was published, you talked about pipeline conversion improving. Can I elaborate a little bit on that? I mean, how much the pipeline have you been able to convert in the last 6 to 12 months? And how does that compare to previous periods, please? Well, yeah the last two months, sort of eclipsed everything because we had unprecedented and some of that is already in the first half. So, U Kentucky and BayCare occurred in January, February. But if you look at that window, I think there was about AUD 485 million conversion at minimums between pipeline and contract. So, if you look at our – we always say pipeline is lumpy because it's not up to us, when client signed. I wished they just sign one every month and it'd be easy. But we – even if you look at any six-month period, let's say, six months, we've never converted as high dollar value from  (00:41:12) as we have now. And if you look back historically, we've always had these steps. This may have been one of the biggest. I guess the other metric that I would be thinking about is, if you had 10 customers that the sales team had put in the pipeline, are more of them being converted and I'm not choosing a competitor as well? I mean, I get the dollar value has stepped up in that two-month period, it was extraordinary. But do you think you're winning over those who are prospective high proportion than in the past? I think, we're winning at least the same proportion which is 80%-plus. I think the other thing that's interesting is, we're winning some in a market that we weren't really playing in before, which is the private radiology space. So not only are we winning in academics and IDNs. We're starting to take market share in this third bucket. And it's an interesting space because a lot of the groups have their own imaging centers, but that's a much smaller part of their business  they read (00:42:19) third-party hospitals. So, it's a different sort of market to what we have  here I-MED or Sonic (00:42:26) have their own imaging centers,  read their (00:42:28) own work primarily. In the US, it's very different. So, we think we're equal, if not better, in the academics and IDNs. And then, we're starting to take market share in this area that we really didn't have much before and we're starting to see some more activity. Thank you. Your next line question comes from Andrew Paine from CLSA. Please go ahead. Yes, morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just coming back to EBIT margins that you touched on before. Just going to understand the outlook here, just especially around the OpEx needed to ramp-up in other ologies  or support recent (00:43:12) maybe anticipated contract wins. Really just trying to understand the top line opportunity and how that flows through to earnings, especially with your previous comments of accelerated revenue in the second half? Yeah. So, Baylor Scott & White being on-board for six months versus three months won't change our OpEx, because it's already been done. So that won't change it. So clearly margin would expand there. But do we need more people for cardiology, AI? We are continually increasing our resources and you've seen our operating expenses and head count increase over time. I think, while clearly the revenue is outstripping that. So part of Sam and my job and the leadership team is to make sure we are not too thin on the ground and that we can actually satisfy our customers, both from implementations, which I think we've done and showcased in the past, but also supporting them once they're fully live. So that's an ongoing daily activity of ours. Yeah. But just on top of that, we're not looking to hire a whole team of people to do Trinity, for instance. So, our hiring pattern will be consistent as it has been in the past. We're building the bench  (00:44:32) we're not looking to all of a sudden we've won these contracts and go out and hire another 30 people. We won't need that, it's our standard hiring pattern. Yeah. Okay. So it sounds like margins wouldn't be expected to go down, but if anything directionally positive, which I think is what you said on the last call? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. And then just another one. Just going back to your comments about hospitals cutting contracts. I think that's what you're referring to. I'm just trying to understand how material that is and what percentage of these contracts have been reduced? And if possible, can you talk about your work around a little bit more, I guess the phasing of those headwinds if they are headwinds? I know there's tailwinds. It's not the hospital that's cutting the contract. It's the radiology group. So in the past, the hospital would put our contract to – for a radiology group to read all of their work. And there might be three or four groups bidding for that work  I'm saying (00:45:40) choose us, choose us. Now, you see sometimes, where not even one group bids, because they can't take on any extra work. They're really flooded  as a manpower entity (00:45:54). So the hospitals are finding it harder to get people to read their work, whereas with our clients, what we're allowing them to do is to 20%, 25%-plus more work with the same manpower, so we're shifting the dynamic. That's why you're seeing places like – some of these reading groups like CRL and Duly and people starting to realize  they pay more for Visage (00:37:07). But lets us really improve the efficiency of our manpower, which is our stock in trade. And that's really important now with this shortage because if you can do work when others can't, it's big plus for you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Julian Mulcahy from E&P. Please go ahead. Sam, first I have two questions. The first one on AI. When it first sort of became a hot topic in imaging, it was all about reading scan, but it seems to have shifted now more towards workflow and automated reporting, just to sort of save a lot of time. So do you think that's kind of a risk and it will allow some of the incumbents to have actually hold on to contracts because they can provide that sort of time saving that way? No, because a lot of the workflow things, where they tell you which CT to read, because there's blood in the head  we integrated (00:47:21) so our work list already can manage all of that. So, there's always been multiple uses for AI. The biggest use actually is the one you don't see is the actual manufacturers build it into their equipment. That's where most of the FDA-cleared algorithms are in that group. You're right, some are workflow prioritization, some are reporting. But we think the biggest bucket will be as  as diagnosis (00:47:52) and that's just starting to be commercial. And that's why we're ramping up our efforts in there. But having said that, we work in the other space as well. So, we don't see it as a disadvantage, a bit like the question about Harrison earlier, we see it as a plus. Right. And secondly, any update on military tender work? They're still progress, but nothing new has come out. They're still talking about RFI, RFPs. We are progressing with our ability, within that cloud, but like most things with government, I think, we've preempted this, it moves slowly and moves in bits and starts and this is no different. But we have someone on-board. We've had since RSNA, he is an expert in government and government sales and speaking government, as we call it, navigating all their various ordering and contractual systems. So we have bulked up there and have someone with a lot of experience now joined our sales team  as of (00:49:09) RSNA. Thank you. Your next question comes from Wei Sim from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Hey, Sam. Hey, Clayton. Thanks for hosting us at RSNA last year. Coffee was really great and thanks for today. A couple of questions. The first one is, just related to Trinity. The – my understanding is that at the time, Trinity was looking for kind of like  SaaS deal (00:49:35) where just the economics of the cloud was also borne by the software provider. So, I just wanted to understand just in terms of how the accounting for Trinity works. Is that any different from any of the other contracts that we've done or would the economics and the accounting be the same? Yeah. So we have two models and we always had two models. One is the true SaaS model, where the client says, I don't want to deal with the cloud provider. I don't have that wherewithal, I don't have enterprise agreements. So, we charge them and that charge is based on number of exams and number of gigabytes, because one exempt would be 35 megabytes, it could be 4 gigabytes. So, we make sure in that, that's all done below the line for us. So when we turn around and say the contract is worth AUD 30 million and Duly will be a casing point, it's AUD 30 million in revenue to us, cloud fees are not included in that. For the bigger guys, a lot of them have already done what they call enterprise commitments to one cloud vendor. So, they've gone all in and said, we're going to spend X over five years. And for that, they get a discount. Now if they don't spend that X, they still pay for it. So, in that model, we use their cloud agreement with their provider. We call it the tenant. And so, the cloud fees go between the cloud provider and the clients. We don't get to see them, we don't do anything. Trinity is the second model.   (00:51:15) which is no different. So we don't have any liability for the cloud fees in terms of an expense for us. That deal is purely software, so the same as the other ones. Okay. Got it. And then my second question is just regarding this cardio client that we've won. Can you just talk about – give us an idea as to kind of, like how the unit economics and how we're charging for the cardio product versus – I'm assuming they already have a radiology product on a per scan basis. Yes, yes. Yeah. So what kind of uplift we should be seeing and how we should think about the unit economics? And I guess an extension to that, I think, we've talked about where we think cardiology could go over the medium-term, in terms of revenue contribution as to how we're thinking about that currently? Thanks. So we've always said cardiology volume is much less than radiology. But the amount of units we can charge per unit per transaction is more. And it seems that we've always said roughly doubled and it's within that realm. So the pricing structure we always had in our minds and the volume structure, it has been correct. So, we've charged materially more  of the fewer of them (00:52:41). So we think the cardiology market changes because cardiac CT is growing rapidly. So, it's not fixed, somewhere around 20% of radiology in dollar value, not in exact numbers. And that seems to hold true with what we're seeing with our product in these early stages in the market. So look at it as roughly double costs, maybe touch more, look at it as  mass smaller (00:53:16) volumes in radiology, which is what you'd expect, but cardiology volumes growing, particularly with  CDT (00:53:21). Thank you. Your next question comes from Sarah Mann from Moelis Australia. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning guys. Just a first question on competition. So  (00:53:35) you confirmed that you saw kind of 12 to 24 months ahead of competition. Just wondering if there's any, I guess, newcomers coming into the market, any changes from the incumbents who are trying to catch up or do you actually think you're broadening the gap versus the new competitors at the moment? Yeah, technologically, I'm sure we're broadening the gap. So, I think for a number of reasons, cloud, even this, as I mentioned, the spatial computing; there are a whole lot of people from all these different hospitals that came  to SHOP as a (00:54:16) health system, but they have this whole spatial computing lab and you could just start to see with a year ago, you thought, we're just going to be used. We're starting to see some real-world applications for it in healthcare, as I mentioned, starting to come out. And I think as that becomes bigger and bigger within an organization, if you can't do it, it's sort of a box that you can't tick. And I think cloud used to be like that. So I think from a technological point of view, if anything, I think we're going even further ahead. There have been some new entrants into the market, one is owned by a publicly listed imaging center provider, made a big splash, but we are the only ones that's gone for, there are some others that have been born in the cloud that  we're showing the ways (00:55:11) they'll always be that dynamic, because it's a big market. But did we see anything that's really change the landscape in our minds? No and we still see cloud as a big differentiator. All right. Thank you. And then just on pricing, so it seems like you haven't really received that much pushback. Obviously we've been through a period of kind of high inflation, that's starting to come back. Are you seeing any signs of sensitivity to your normal annual price increases from either new clients or some of the renewals you're doing or is it the inverse just because you've got a reputation now it's actually easier to get better pricing? Well we always see pushback, so let me start there  no one wants (00:55:58) they all want to pay less, that's a normal dynamic. We are seeing a greater understanding of the ROI and again this is particularly in the more price sensitive private market where people are saying okay it's not really what I pay, my biggest cost is radiologist. And if I can make them X percent which is only a few percent more efficient right, I'm home and hosed, if I can make them 20% or 25% more efficient and that's out of the gate, you don't need extra AI and all this other stuff, that's all on top then they're starting to see the value, so – but there are some there are some that turn around and all they see is the sticker price and they will buy something cheaper. Now there are two buckets to those. There are those that actually think they're getting a cloud product and haven't even tried it before they buy and usually they're the ones that become very unhappy. All the implementations get stalled and take forever or they're those where they look at price and they do a pilot and wherever they do the pilot, we pretty much get that business because the difference, the delta is so huge that you can't help but see it. So everybody is still worried about price. We have been able to get price accretion. A lot of that is because of reputation. We'll always have some that will look at price and will do a pilot and then begrudgingly say, yeah, I'll go to you or they'll go somewhere else at least in the interim. Now, some of them, as you know Trinity went elsewhere a number of years ago that project failed and then they had to stop it go back out to market which no one likes to do, but we're going to see more and more of that I think. Thank you.  Your next question comes from Peter Meichelboeck from Select Equities. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions. First one around the pipeline, more around the timing rather than the size. Given that you've got virtually all the contracts in recent times have been full stack and with obvious benefits around higher value and greater sort of embedded customer relationship. I'm just wondering, has that shift towards full stack meant that you've – has there been some contracts or pipeline opportunities that have perhaps taken a bit longer to come through because customers are sort of holding off a bit longer on replacing one part, one module in order to align it with the timing of a replacement of a latter module? Not really. So not every client will take full stack. So if you look at a remote reading group like CRL that  (00:59:02) so they knew about Visage, they will only overtake the viewer because they don't  still (00:59:10) the images. The images are sent to them, they make the diagnosis and the report is then sent back, so they don't need the archive because they don't  still (00:59:10) them, they don't read them. So, it really depends on who the client is. But yes, we haven't noticed that. A lot of them actually full stack makes it quicker for them because they don't have to go back out and do three separate RFPs and assess three separate products. Right. Okay. And look, my second one – second question is probably more of a hypothetical one. But I'm just wondering with some of the larger groups that you're now sort of contracting with and obviously M&A is sort of a part of some of their businesses, I mean, in terms of acquiring hospitals. Just wonder what would happen to your contract minimums if they sort of hypothetically sold a bunch of their hospitals that you'd sort of contracted for? Yes. So, these really big groups are interesting because they're always buying and selling  (01:00:10) three here, buying six there, it's almost like someone with the real estate portfolio. Not that I'm trying to make that basic, but they're buying and selling all the time. But the general thrust of all the buying and selling is that they're growing. And obviously with Trinity that was factored  as growth (01:00:37) we factored in minimums, moved up over time. And so, the general trend of our clients is growth, not shrinkage. We haven't had any one shrink, quite the opposite. So, while I may sell a little bit here and there, they'll buy more than what they sell. Yes. The minimums have been – minimums in those contracts have been negotiated on that basis. So if they sell the minimums are still in play. Yeah. All right, great. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Christine Trinh from Macquarie Bank. Please go ahead. Hey Sam, hi Clayton. Congratulations on another strong result. Just a quick one from me on Elucid. With the FDA approval PlaqueIQ and commercialization expected in the next six months, I mean, how should we think about this and other future AI offerings. in terms of revenue generation? Thanks. Yeah. So, remember, we said that there's three buckets of where we'll get our algorithms from, third-party will be one and that's probably the biggest because there's just so many of them. So with Elucid out, the commercial agreement is that we get a certain markup on what's sold. And we will be there route-to-market as part of that markup. So, we will get a pass-through on everything sold. And we will also get a benefit because we're a minor equity player, if they make money on all that. But leaving that aside, we're going to pass-through, that's the way we see it with most of the third-parties, where we will get a percentage of the sale, integrating it and doing all of that. They will still be responsible to the algorithms, they have to be, we'll be responsible for the integration and the client-facing side Thank you. That does conclude our time for phone questions today. I'll now pause for a brief moment and continue on to webcast questions. The first question from the webcast today comes from  Kay Kim Kay Kim (01:03:06) asks are there any future plans for splitting of shares for more retail participation? This was a question that was raised at our AGM in November – late November which our Chairman answered, that would be something that we would look into. Given the timing of that RSNA and now half year, this hasn't been raised yet at the board, but it will be something that will be discussed in the future. Thank you. The next question from the webcast comes from  Anthony Corrigan, Anthony (01:03:42) asks. Do you think you should start to increase the dividend into the future? Well, at the moment, our guidelines to dividends is roughly  50% (01:03:52) of retained earnings. And obviously, we reassess that every half, before we announce the dividend. I think the board is comfortable with that. And I think, we're comfortable retaining a growing pot of retained earnings to give us flexibility, particularly around investment, M&A and of course, most importantly, investing in the business as we need it. So, we do assess it every half, at the moment the guideline is roughly 50%  of proper period (01:04:31). Thank you. The next question comes from  Curtis Larson. Curtis asks (01:04:38). Can you comment on your exposure to the AUD, USD currency? And what extent of hedging, if any, do you contemplate? 90% of our revenue is in North America. So we have a large exposure on an ongoing basis to US dollar. We bill on a quarterly basis and we hedge on a quarterly basis. So it's a very active hedging policy that we undertake. We have increased the amount of revenue over the years in US dollars. But clearly, the gains and losses that we see going through our P&L have decreased, if anything, because of the hedging policy. Thank you. Your next question comes from  Claude Walker. Claude (01:05:21) asks, with these results, Pro Medicus has grown half year profit by more than 30 times in the last 10 years. Many senior employees and leadership are extremely long serving and also own shares. Can you share any insight into staff retention and how people are staying grounded and cohesive in the face of so much success? Well, thanks,  Claude (01:05:42) that's – I appreciate that question. I think a few things. One, money is only part of someone's employment and we try and make sure people aren't pigeon hold, they are multi-skilled. We do expose everybody in our organization to the clients, which they find quite stimulating and invigorating, some of our clients are some of the top radiologists in the world. So I think there's that. I think there's also the part that we do good. We move the needle clinically. We don't do anything in other areas, people seem to be not within the ethical framework. And so we have a lot of people that are really pleased to be working for us because of what we do. And then yes, we have an LTI scheme and  an SDR (01:06:36) scheme and the LTI does give equity. And for those – most of the people that got it, have been keeping it, that becomes a meaningful contribution and some use it for buying houses and paying off mortgages and all the good things that make them feel good about the job. And then we work together as a team  nobody is (01:06:58) trying to bring as many other people to be part of it that is possible. So it's a combination of all those things that has worked. And if you saw our – which I believe, you would have, our AGM presentation, 30% of our staff have been with us for long periods of time. We have one that's been with us over 30 years, a number over 25 years. We even now have second generation where parents and child is working for us in different roles. So all of that, we think, helps build that culture too. Thank you. The next question is a follow-up from  Claude. Claude (01:07:40) asks. Has Pro Medicus has lost any tenders to competitors in the last 18 months? And if so, what was the reason that the competitor won the contract? Yes. So there's always -- there are two things, some where we – particularly smaller ones, where you may not even get a look in. The ones where we've competed on RFPs, I'd say 99% of the time it's on price and the perception that the sticker price of another product is cheaper. And second, it's not good, but it will do. But having said that, our win rate has been consistent and we win far, far more than we lose. But you're not going to win every one, at least not first time around. We are seeing some and Trinity being a case in point. But by no means the only one where we lost them originally and then a short time later, they've come back to the market and we've been able to pick up that business. So yeah, our hit rate is as good as it's ever been. Thank you. Your next question comes from  Curtis Larson. Curtis (01:08:51) asks, do any of the module updates example Chat entail additional pricing on top of the existing contracts? Yes, all the module updates. So we do update the program and that's part of the existing contract. So in my interview, I talked about we did two or three major updates to the Visage 7 Viewer every year and everybody gets those. But Worklist, Archive and Chat will – are all additional modules. And you saw in the half, we had two big Archive sales and they can be quite material, in terms of revenue. The next question from the webcast comes from  John Hester. John (01:09:38) asks, are there any top 25 IDNs in the pipeline? We don't actually answer that question other than saying we have opportunities of all sizes. So that should give you some hint that we've got some medium-sized regional groups, some smaller groups, a fair smattering of quite large ones. Thank you. Your next question comes from  Sara Sayed, Sara (01:10:07) asks, implementing the Baylor Scott & White contract in just 11 months sounds quite commendable. Could you provide some color on how this timeline compares to the industry standard for rolling out similar enterprise imaging solutions? Yeah. So the 11 months was from date of signing. So, there's a lot of work that gets done in background from signing to the first go lives. And that's actually the biggest window. Now all of that is working out which sites to go and how – when they're going to go live, things like data migration that we start, things like testing all the interfaces and everything else. So Baylor got signed in October, November previous year. The first site went live in June. So between October, November and June, it was all  there under the bonnet (01:10:57) work. And then they had, what we call three mini go lives and one big one. So the go live means where they switch off previous system on Sunday night and start with Visage in that region. So, everything Monday morning. We never run two systems together. So the actual cut across for a radiologist is stop the system one night, get the new system the next day. So in terms of windows, it was very, very quick. It went from June, and we did our final one in September. Now normally, that would take three years-plus for some of our competitors. So from signing to complete implementation, it was 11 months including all the preliminary work before go live. Thank you. The next question is also from  Sarah. Sarah (01:11:53) ask, could you quantify the gap between the minimum contract value and actual revenue, highlighting any upside achieved? What has been the general trend in this regard? Yeah. I mean, the minimum contract value that we normally announce is around that 80% of their volume, so there's 20%, 25% inherent upside in all the contracts. And that's what we're generally seeing within their first year. We do see then our customers grow between 8% and 10%. So, we do see that upside. So if the minimums are 80%, two or three years in there, could be doing 120% of that volume, but we have seen upside of double their volume of what they originally signed  for us (01:12:35). So we do – that is purely what we announced is what we say, which is the minimum. We always see an inherent upside in all the contracts. Thank you. Your next question comes from  Pete Cameron. Pete (01:12:50) asks, with Sam and Anthony selling one million shares in each of the last two years, at least, is there any organization building up a substantial stake in the company? And do you see any natural acquirers for the business? So in terms of the first question, no, there's no one that's built up a substantial stake. We don't have any substantial shareholders. That is 5% or more, except for Anthony and myself. And so we've seen as far as we can tell, when we have sold that there's been a spread of institutions that have taken those parcels. So we don't have any one substantial or close to substantial. It's a pretty well-spread register. And the other thing we're noticing is more and more the register being offshore, as you would expect it to become more and more international. Your next question comes from  Daniel Arnold. Daniel (01:13:47) asks, what is your view on OpenAI or Meta AI's recent investment into scaling into Pro Medicus' markets? I think it's complementary. A lot of that generative AI is someone – one of the analyst before eluded to it, I think it was Julian about generating the report. So a lot of the generative AI, what it does is, it will read the voice recognition file and then generate conclusions and do things like that. That's all additive to what we do, it's not competitive to what we do. So, I don't think it's really changed the core AI that we use. It's sort of an extra area that radiologists will use rather than replace what we're looking to. Thank you. Your next question is a follow-up from  Daniel. Daniel (01:14:40) asks, what is your view on the Trump Administration cutting HHS funding to hospitals? He also ask, is there any feedback on channel spend? We haven't noticed any. And people talk to us, a few years ago about interest rate rises  as that increased it (01:15:03) made us harder to sell. We didn't notice any delta at all, we didn't notice any slowdown before the election and although it's not been a huge difference in timing, we haven't noticed any change from any of the Trump, Trump being in and any of his new policies certainly not at this point. We don't believe it will impact us materially from what we understand about what's been released in the market to this point and certainly we haven't felt anything there. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand the conference back to Dr. Sam Hupert, CEO. Thank you. Thank you, and really I wanted to say thanks to everybody for participating. And we appreciate you listening in. Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            