
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PNI's Half Year FY 2025 Financial Results Teleconference. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I will now hand over to the Managing Director, Mr. Ian Macoun. Please go ahead. Thanks, Ashley, and welcome to everyone who's joined us on the call this morning. As you've heard this call is to discuss our half year results, so the first half of the 2025 financial year. We posted with the ASX last night our formal results announcement, our interim financial report, including the audit reviewed financial statements for the half year, the appendix 4D and our investor presentation. We'll be speaking to key parts of the presentation this morning. The colleagues with me on the call are Alan Watson, our Chair; Andrew Chambers, Executive Director with particular responsibility for institutional distribution and international; Kyle Macintyre, who leads our wholesale and retail distribution function; and Dan Longan, our CFO. I'll call out the main themes and highlights of our results and briefly provide some further context and elaborate a few aspects that we feel are particularly important for analysts and shareholders to understand. We'll leave plenty of time for questions, which you're welcome to direct to any of the Pinnacle representatives on this call. Footnote to slide 2 refers to the disclaimer in slide 57 that is important, and we would ask you to read this. Slide 3 is an agenda. Slide 4 is a summary of our theme for the first half of the 2025 financial year. We have enjoyed continuing strong growth in our revenues, in our earnings, and in our funds under management. And multiple tailwinds are evident heading into the second half of FY 2025 and into the 2026 financial year. Just a quick look at the headline numbers first. In the first half of 2025, we delivered what we think is the most impressive growth in net profit after tax, earnings per share, and interim dividend of any half year period of Pinnacle's journey to-date. Net profit after tax was AUD 75.7 million, up 151% on the first half of FY 2024, which is the prior comparable period. Earnings per share of AUD 0.367 were up 140% on AUD 0.153 in the PCP, and the interim dividend of AUD 0.33 per share is up 112% on AUD 0.153 in the PCP. Funds under management at 31st of December 2024 was AUD 155.4 billion, up AUD 44.3 billion over the six-month period from the beginning of the half year, of which AUD 17.3 billion was from inflows, market, and investment performance. That's a 15.7% increase from these factors, and $28 billion of which was acquired. For the first point on slide 4, strong growth in core earnings and funds under management, delivered from a growing Pinnacle platform. The increase in our EPS, excluding performance fees and excluding net return on principal investments, including the OpenInvest write-down in the PCP, so what some people might think of as our core earnings – our core earnings growth during this period was 37% relative to the PCP. Excluding acquired FUM, FUM was up AUD 17.3 billion, of which AUD 6.7 billion was overall mix inflows and AUD 10.6 billion was due to market increases and performance. We elaborate on what we mean by our platform growing and becoming more and more valuable later in the presentation. Market conditions have been supportive for some valuations, but not really full flows as yet. More on this later. Point two, we delivered strong performance fee outcome from a range of Affiliates, but with Hyperion the stand-out. Pinnacle's share of performance fees after tax or, if you like, the impact on Pinnacle's NPAT of Affiliate performance fees was AUD 36.4 million this half compared with AUD 12.3 million in the PCP. This was from nine Affiliates, the same as in the PCP, but the majority was from Hyperion. Given the size of the impact of the Hyperion performance fees in this result, it's instructive to reflect on a few implications. Firstly, I'd like to call out and acknowledge and thank the Hyperion team, led by Mark Arnold and Jason Orthman for their tremendous investment success for their clients over a long period of time. Just to reflect for a minute on Hyperion's long-term track record. They have produced alpha of about 5% per annum on average for over 28 years in their flagship Australian equity strategy, 11% per annum average alpha for over 21 years in their Australian small cap strategy, and over 8% per annum alpha in global equities for over 10 years, an outstanding track record. Mark Arnold and Jay Orthman and the whole Hyperion team have a tremendous amount to be proud of and their devotion and dedication to strong performance outcomes for clients is to be admired. Personally, I'm in awe of people like Mark and Jason. We, at Pinnacle, are so pleased and grateful to be partnered with them. One fact to reflect on is that the performance fees earned in the global equity strategy were on some of only about AUD 3 billion to AUD 3.5 billion. Imagine the performance fee potential when that strategy has AUD 20 billion or even AUD 30 billion in it. So this is a good time to reflect on how important Hyperion has been to Pinnacle over a long period of time. In fact, Hyperion commenced 28 years ago, well before the Pinnacle business 18.5 years ago and, in many respects, is our antecedent. Now, Hyperion won't produce performance fees over every half year or annual period, but on average, over a long period of time, they have been a strong performer. And for Pinnacle, we have 28 largely uncorrelated strategy with the potential to perform – to produce material performance fees in any year. This is why we claim that any sensible forecast of Pinnacle earnings each year need to assume a meaningful minimum contribution from performance fees in one form or another. We love having a diverse business with multiple sources of profit, including performance fees as an important element. Point three, we have achieved strong Wholesale and Retail inflows across diverse asset classes. Point four, there is growing evidence that the Pinnacle model can be exported to larger addressable international markets. There is very promising – sorry, there is a very promising growth trajectory for our new international Horizon 2 and Horizon 3 initiatives. And we have a diverse pipeline of opportunities offering multiple sources of earnings contributions as we head into the second half of FY 2025 and into FY 2026. Slides 5 and 6 elaborate the themes. Strong growth in core earnings and FUM. Now, it's for each person to form their own view of our core earnings. But to get some measure of core earnings growth, we can look at NPAT before the impact of performance fees and returns on investments, which was up 43% on the PCP, and that is a 37% increase in EPS. It's for each person to form their own view of our core earnings. But to get some measure of it, we look at this number. We would argue that it's possible – it's just not possible to argue that our core earnings growth on the PCP is anything less than this 37%. Depending on your view of performance fees and investment earnings, some would think it's higher than that. As we will show you in slide 8, we've delivered compound earnings growth just in excess of 30% per annum. Over the full financial years, the eight of those since we became listed Pinnacle. But Pinnacle parent's profit was 21% higher than the PCP before net returns on investments. The share of Affiliates profit was 42% higher than the PCP, excluding performance fees. We delivered AUD 3 billion of net inflows into private markets assets, which represented 46% of total net inflows for the half year, delivering further evidence of the benefits of Pinnacle's increasingly broad and diversified range of Affiliates and strategies. Fundraising conditions remain challenging for active public equities managers during the year despite and because of rallying markets. Now, we say despite because particularly in the retail market, strong equities inflows often follow equities market rally as FOMO kicks in. And we say because of – because some of the professional allocators, especially in the  (00:13:45) market, have taken some profits on equities gains causing outflows. But point two, we achieved a strong performance and performance fee outcome from a range of affiliates and strategies, but with Hyperion a standout. 82% of affiliate strategies with a track record of 5 years or longer have outperformed over the 5-year period. We now have 28 strategies with the ability to deliver material performance fees in the full financial year on AUD 44 billion of FUM. That's up from 25 strategies and AUD 39 billion of performance fee FUM at 30th of June 2024. Nine affiliates contributed performance fees in the first half of 2025, the same as in the PCP. The performance fee strategy set is diverse and largely uncorrelated with the ability to deliver meaningful performance fees in each financial year across market cycles. There was an exceptional contribution from Hyperion this half. As I've outlined, Hyperion has a lengthy track record of alpha generation for their clients, which underpins this contribution. Point three, we achieved wholesale and retail inflows across diverse asset classes. There was AUD 3.7 billion in wholesale and retail net inflows for the half. AUD 1.4 billion of these net inflows were into private market strategies, including private debt, private equity, and private infrastructure. AUD 1.2 billion of the net inflows were into fixed income, and AUD 1.1 billion of the net inflows was into listed equities and real assets. I mentioned earlier that we haven't yet experienced the large equities inflows we got in earlier years following equity market release. Nevertheless, this is our highest net retail inflow number to-date. The net inflow number should increase further as equity flows strengthen. Closing the listed equities and real assets did improve somewhat in the first half of 2025, driven by market share gains and strong affiliate performance. We enjoyed strong demand for new and innovative strategies, providing a unique opportunity for Pinnacle to bring new, high quality investment solutions to the market supported by Pinnacle's high quality distribution and operations platform. The point four on the next slide, we believe there is growing evidence that the Pinnacle model can be exported to large addressable international markets. Now we're talking about from a distribution perspective and also in terms of investment affiliates based overseas. The Pinnacle flywheel is gathering momentum in larger international markets. We now have AUD 45 billion of our AUD 155 billion of FUM from clients in more than 40 countries outside of the Australia. That's 29% of FUM and growing Pinnacle's unique supported independence model and turnkey value-added execution platform is resonating strongly with global asset owners, consultants, financial advisors, and investment and distribution talent. We've undertaken successful incubations and acquisitions of world-class internationally domiciled firms. And this creates positive feedback loops and a referral network attracting new teams to the platform. Incubation such as Aikya and Life Cycle, both in London and acquisitions of Pacific Asset Management in the UK, Europe, and VSS in the USA are powerful in this regard. We actively seek and prosecute additional initiatives of compelling quality. This will be ongoing. There is no shortage of high-quality opportunities. We've achieved a promising growth trajectory of each of our international Horizon 2 and Horizon 3 initiatives. In relation to Horizon 2, we already have more than AUD 10 billion of FUM across Aikya, Palisade Real Assets, Langdon, and Life Cycle. In Horizon 3, PAM, VSS both recently commenced and both are going well, and we believe, growing strongly. The ongoing talent, product, and distribution densification in key international markets creates momentum for continuing growth for Pinnacle. Point six, going into the second half of FY 2025 and looking ahead to FY 2026, we have a broad and diverse pipeline of opportunities offering multiple sources of additional earnings contributions. Closing FUM of AUD 155 billion is 41% higher than opening FUM. We are continuing our long-term outperformance across most affiliates and strategies and Horizon 2 initiatives within Pinnacle and Affiliates are progressing well. We also draw out more on this pipeline as we elaborate over the next little while. Turning to slide 7, the financial highlights. We have a diversified platform that has demonstrated resilience in a variety of market conditions, including during volatile periods. And as mentioned earlier, we've made substantial investments and undertaken a great deal of work and built a strong pipeline of tailwinds to support ongoing earnings growth in the future. Aggregate Affiliates' FUM at a 100% was AUD 155.4 billion at 31st of December, up AUD 45.3 billion or 41%. Details of the FUM of each affiliate are provided in slide 47. Aggregate Retail FUM was AUD 35.4 billion at 31st of December 2024, up AUD 6.6 billion or 23% from AUD 28.8 billion at the 30th of June 2024. The aggregate affiliate FUM capable of earning performance fees was AUD 44.1 billion at 31st of December, up AUD 5.5 billion or 14% on AUD 38.6 billion at 30th of June. Total net inflows for the half were AUD 6.7 billion comprising AUD 3.7 billion of retail inflows, AUD 800 million of net inflows from international clients, and AUD 2.2 billion of net inflows from Australian institutional clients. The increase in FUM attributable to market and investment performance combined with AUD 10.6 billion, including AUD 1.7 billion from retail. The ASX 300 Index was up 5.1% over the half year. MSCI World Index up 4.9%. The Nasdaq, which is particularly relevant to Hyperion Global, was up 10.3%. And the NAREIT Index, particularly relevant to  (00:23:10), was up 7.2%. Aggregate affiliate revenue at 100% was up AUD 159.7 million or 54% to AUD 454.5 million, of which  base fee (00:23:30) revenues were up AUD 89.7 million or 35% to AUD 342.6 million. And performance fees up 165% to AUD 111.9 million at 100%, of which Pinnacle share after tax was up from AUD 12.3 million to AUD 36.4 million. The investment performance of most of our affiliates has been strong. The performance fees earned speak to this, and 82% of the affiliate strategies with a track record of 5 years or longer have outperformed their benchmarks over the classic representative measurement period of five years to 31st of December 2024. Their further performance detail on slides 9 and 41 to 46. Slide 8 shows our record of earnings growth over the 8.5 years that we have been listed Pinnacle. Over the eight full financial years to 30th of June 2024, we have grown EPS by about 31% per annum compound on average. And for people just skimming this slide quickly, please note the orange bar is for a half year. The dark bars are full years. So our earnings for the half year, we are reporting – for the half year reporting we're almost the same as for the full year of FY 2022 and FY 2023. Slide 9 provides the specifics of the five-year performance track records of these 39 affiliates fund or strategies. Slide 41 to 46 provide further performance detail, and slide 14 elaborates on performance fees. Slide 10, shows the detail of the Affiliate platform and Affiliates for the first half of the 2025 financial year. Slide 11, elaborates our track record of strong earnings growth through periods, which incorporate a range of stages of market cycles. Emphasizing how Horizon 2 and Horizon 3 diversification has contributed to this. Slide 12 shows some detail on our performance fee record and opportunities. As mentioned with growing the size and diversity of our performance fee potential and look forward to larger performance fee FUM strategies, delivering in future years. Slide 13, shows our eight-and-a-half-year FUM and net flow history. Our institutional, retail and wholesale pipelines each remain strong and our client base is increasingly diversified, including overseas as we grow and evolve, recognizing changing market circumstances. Slide 14, elaborates our evolution focusing on the growth in private markets, asset classes. The growth in FUMs from clients located outside Australia and the realized and prospective growth of affiliates domiciled internationally. And again, slide 15 provides some detail on the increasing diversification of our business. Diversification by affiliate, by asset class, and by strategies with the potential to earn performance fees. Slide 16 shows the growth in the two higher average fee market segments, Wholesale & Retail, and International, which together now represent 52% of our client FUM and two-thirds of the affiliate base fee revenue relative to the Australian institutional market, which has shrunk proportionately from 84% of FUM in 2016 to about 48% today. Slide 17 updates on our more recent major industry awards. Pinnacle won Zenith Distributor of the Year. Metrics won the Zenith Private Markets Manager Award. Hyperion won Morningstar Overall Fund Manager of the Year, to mention a few. These are outstanding achievements, by the way. Slide 19 has detail on our revenue and margin performance. And slide 20 has further detail on our financial results. While headline NPAT and EPS and a share of affiliate profits doubled or more than doubled on the PCP, our core earnings growth, excluding performance fees, may have been considered by some to be more like 37% or so as explained earlier. Our record of growing EPS by more than 30% per annum CAGR remains intact. Slide 21 provides some balance sheet commentary. Section 3 of the presentation provides an Institutional & International market update, and Andrew Chambers will explain the factors at work in these markets during question time and one-on-ones. Section 4 provides a Wholesale & Retail market update, and Kyle Macintyre will elaborate during questions and one-on-ones. Moving to section 5 titled growth agenda slide 26 to 30. In slide 27, we remind shareholders that we think in terms of three Horizons of growth. Horizon 1 is the main game.  These continue (00:30:16) to pursue net inflows with existing strategies of existing affiliates. We remain very confident of our ability to continue to do that. We conservatively estimate the remaining capacity of the affiliate's existing strategy at AUD 350 billion. So there is plenty of Horizon 1 runway left with the attendant strong gains in operating leverage that will be accompanied by such growth. Horizon 2 is where Pinnacle or affiliates undertake inorganic expansion and expense the cost on their P&L. Expansion of distribution capabilities, including offshore, incubating new affiliates from scratch, affiliates adding new strategies, and so on. New affiliates incubated outside of Australia so far include Aikya and Life Cycle in the UK and Langdon in Canada. Horizon 3 is where Pinnacle Capital is invested to acquire interests in existing profitable fund managers, then helping accelerate their growth, including by adding Pinnacle distribution services. Pacific Asset Management in the UK and VSS in the USA are recent examples, domiciled overseas. We plan to make more such investments. We are of course acutely aware of the risks of Australian companies making ill-advised investments overseas, where they are unaware of local conditions or requirements for success, for which they are ill-equipped to manage, which are somehow off strategies, competencies and the core ideology of the company. We have been working on overseas, the overseas opportunity for a long time and have extensive capabilities already in place in large addressable markets and are continuing to carefully add infrastructure and distribution capability overseas ahead of and simultaneous with our expansion. We are scaling very clearly within our core capabilities and ensuring that we understand the requirements for success and confirming target market demand, including from Australian investors before embarking on new ventures. We are finding that the Pinnacle model is just as effective and just as much in-demand in most overseas markets as in Australia. We are further proving this progressively as we continue along the expansion path. The opportunities are enormous, but we are proceeding at a sensible pace, a pace in which, at which we are sure we can deliver on our promises, including maintaining the highest quality standards. Slide 28 provides a summary of the drivers of our future growth, utilizing the excellent platform already in place and continually being expanded in an orderly and clearly  thought through (00:34:02) manner based on our deep knowledge of the markets in which we operate. Slide 29 elaborates our Horizon 2 activities. We've maintained Horizon 2 investment at the same rate as in the second half of FY 2024 and lower than the peak of H2 2023 and H1 FY 2024. Our record is that the returns on such investments have been very high. That is the  outcome (00:34:38) virtually always if they are executed well, and we only undertake initiatives of compelling quality. We can do this because we are  spoiled (00:34:50) for choice. Slide 30 provides summary updates on our November equity capital raise and the most recent Horizon 2 and Horizon 3 investments, Life Cycle PAM and VSS. It is early days, but they are all going very well. Now to turn to our attention to Section 6 corporate responsibility, looking at slide 32, as Pinnacle continues to expand, our dedication to fostering a sustainable, inclusive and resilient firm remains fundamental. As illustrated here, our guiding pillars of purpose, people, and planet provide clear direction and ensure we uphold our commitment to actions that align with a responsible and impactful future.   As I (00:35:48) reflect on the first half of this financial year, publishing our inaugural Reflect Reconciliation Action Plan stands as a significant milestone for our company's history as we formally commit to contributing meaningful – meaningfully to reconciliation with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. I'm also immensely proud to highlight the remarkable work of our PNI Foundation. As shown in slide 34, our group's overall support provided to charity total AUD 1.42 million in 2024. This encompasses AUD 693,000 of total donations made by the foundation to our 17 long-term charity partners and AUD 436,000 made by affiliates. So, the additional risk discretionary donations, sponsorships, and workplace given by our employees embodies a deep-rooted commitment to making a positive impact in our communities. Now, in conclusion, referring to slides 37 and 38, I would like to remind shareholders once again of the basis on which we remain so confident of our company's ability to grow and prosper, which is our distinctive business model. It was designed specifically to ensure sustained investment excellence. This is embedded in our DNA, our core ideology, our fundament beliefs, which are the basis on which our business was built and will continue to be built and which will endure and guide us for many years, hopefully decades into the future. This is the source of our competitive advantage. The most talented and experienced investment professionals love it, and importantly, their clients love it. These basic principles are applicable to a broad range of asset classes, geographies and markets. They will sustain our growth as we evolve and adapt and as the world changes and will ensure we don't go off strategy or outside our core competencies or seek to grow in a way that is haphazard or illogical. We have a core ideology, which is clear and fundamental to everything we do. Can we please now invite questions? Please note that the appendix has additional information. People are often interested in. Reminder, please, make – address your questions to anyone of our team. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Scott Murdoch with Morgans. Please go ahead. Morning. Thanks, Ian, for the details. Can I just start on the  decorating composition (00:39:19) that you're mentioning, particularly in retail where equities have lagged? Just interested in your comments that this should lift further. If you can just, I guess, provide some detail outflows and what you're seeing in terms of that pipeline, what gives you confidence to that retail equity side will come through and what quantum we should think about the business is capable of now? Yeah. So, we'll ask Kyle to answer that. But, as I mentioned in years past, until three years ago, when central banks first started tightening, we were enjoying very large inflows from equities. More recently, the majority of our flows have been metrics in Coolabah and private markets, we have enjoyed, that we think some green shoots in equities, although that has largely been taking market share. So we haven't yet seen, so normally equities flows in retails follow markets going up. This time, we've seen markets going up, but not yet FOMO causing equities in investors to come in. When they do, that'll be additional to our metrics in Coolabah, et cetera. But Kyle's our retail head. Yeah. So thanks for the question. So I mean, just to address it in three key areas, what we have seen in terms of equities, particularly in the last quarter, I'd call it last eight weeks, you have seen an incremental uptick in the flow through trajectory that net flows into equities and we'd expect that to be a tailwinds moving into the upcoming period if that continues in the wholesale and retail market. The second thing I'd point out is in the wholesale and retail, it continues to be a market share gain and we've actually got some outstanding, really compelling top quartile performers within our suite, whether it's Hyperion as an example, Plato with their Global Alpha Fund, Plato with their Australian Shares Income Fund. In small caps, you've got Firetrail and Spheria and so we are saying whilst we haven't seen the flows pick up in a big way into equities, we are expecting in the coming half, if we continue to see good risk sentiment, if we continue to see advisors feeling good about equity markets in their portfolio, we'd expect to see these start to increase. The final thing is we've only just begun to roll out Life Cycle into the Wholesale & Retail market. So far, we're experiencing strong demand to meet with the Life Cycle team. We've had some early success, but it's very early days in terms of rolling out Life Cycle there. So I think with those three key areas, we think we can see retail flows into equities increase subject to market conditions as always, but we feel like we are very well set up for the upcoming quarters and over the medium term. Okay. Thank you. Second question just I guess on those aggregate affiliate earnings you mentioned core earnings up 43% when you look at that particular line, ex-performance fees and investments. Based on the half-on-half basis really, the aggregated level is quite difficult because there's a lot of things going on that grew circa 10% pre-tax, just interested in anything there that is lagging a bit. The fund growth was a bit more than that. And if you can just sit through any of those, I guess, lagging affiliates that you expect to come through stronger from this point. Yeah. So, our finances are reasonably complicated these days, with quite a lot of moving parts. And we still do have some of our affiliates doing some investing and some of the good work that's been done ahead of growth has not yet kicked in, but I might hand over to Dan Longan to take that. Sure. Thanks. Thanks, Ian. So that sort of overarching statement, Scott, is that the margin in affiliate profits was about the same this half as it was in the second half of last financial year. That was up about 3% on the PCP, excluding performance fees. So there's a couple of things going on in there. There's a lot of activity in this half, Antipodes bought Maple-Brown Abbott, there's a lot of work that needs to be done there to streamline the business, to integrate the businesses. So there's a lot of cost in this half, which we'd expect to see come off in the second half and beyond. There's Life Cycle that we started up this half, as we mentioned, the flows into that business, although they're very strong, came towards the second half of the half. And so, that's loss making in this half. We'd expect that to improve. And then there's a little bit of seasonality in some of our affiliates. We've talked before about metrics, transaction fees, they tend to be more in the second half than the first. So that's why you're seeing the margin steady half-on-half rather than improve over the previous halves that it has done. We would expect that  absent us (00:44:37) doing anything new, that trend to continue into the second half and into 2026. Thank you. And I'll just sneak one last one in, just interested into an insight into the acquisition pipeline. Just I guess any changes you're seeing in the opportunities now that you're, as you mentioned, the flywheel in international markets is kicking in, just the quantum and the size and the quality of the opportunities you're seeing? Yeah. So there's no question. Everything we do overseas adds to sort of our attractiveness, our reputation and the potential to do more things that kind of proving up our claims. So, that's definitely happening. We're definitely going to do more in distribution overseas, specifically very soon in UK, Europe wholesale retail markets and so on. But now, Scott, you know the story we've been saying for quite a long time, we're doing a lot of work. There's hardly a day goes by. We don't have a VC with people overseas and so on. So, we've been definitely working on new opportunities. There are definitely – I think it's probably is fair to say that there are probably more than ever. I don't think that's – I don't think anyone would challenge that. We – it definitely feels like that there are more and more people interested enough. So the pace at which we add and the size of them is not limited really by, the opportunity set is really limited by us. Going carefully and having very high standards and only do things that we believe are very high quality. So, nothing has really changed and that we've stayed, I mean, for a while  (00:46:33) not for a long ago, it felt like we were saying we're going to do things that we hadn't done any since Five V. We've now at least done a couple. But there are definitely more in the pipeline. We don't say how many by when because that runs the risk of putting ourselves under pressure to do things. We will – we'll pull out of doing something even at the last minute if we're not absolutely happy and everything doesn't align. So, we don't make promises on specifics. But, I had said earlier that we're definitely going to do some more. And obviously, we over raised. We raised some additional dry powder. We did that because we can see the prospect of doing more Horizon 3. Okay. Thank you. That's all for me. Thank you very much. Your next question comes from Tim Lawson with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Thanks, gentlemen. Thanks for taking the questions. Just two questions for me. The symptoms, the average sort of fee margin outlook, I appreciate the comments you've been making in regard to the higher average revenues versus the higher average FUM in slide 19. But what's the sort of starting point as we head into the second half and FY 2026? Dan? Yeah. Well, the starting point is the fee margins, a tiny bit up on the prior financial year. Spot FUMs are lot higher than the average FUM, so that should be supportive of revenue growth into the second half. The trend over the last few years has been supported by the growth in retail and international FUM, that Ian talked about there are higher rates, generally speaking than our average. But as we've said many times, that fee margin is an outcome, not something that we're specifically targeting. So if it makes sense for us to do more business in core equities domestically, for example, where the fee rates are lower, we'll continue to do that. So I would say the starting point is a tiny bit higher than the last financial year. We expect that at all things being equal, to continue to trend up, but you may see it move around a little bit half-on-half depending on the mix of the inflows. Yeah. So, our target is higher revenues and profits rather than a particular margin rate, so each piece of business we evaluate on its merit and some are lower fees, some are higher fees. So the actual calculated margin is whatever it is. We do think long-term the growth in retail and the growth in international, a great support for tailwinds are higher average fees over time. Okay. Thank you. And just one question around – with the additional deployed funds, I'm just really interested in a bit more explanation on the recognition and composition between what sort of in dividend, particularly sort of timing. And then also this is the sort of fair value gain like with those additional deployed funds, how we should think more clearly about those two buckets. So over to Dan, we do have more deployed in metrics in Coolabah, which is more reliable et cetera than in the past, but over to Dan. Yeah. So just to be relatively simplistic, we've got about AUD 360 million of net cash and investments, that's  debt line (00:50:12) with the Commonwealth Bank. Of that, about AUD 210 million is deployed in metrics in Coolabah, as Ian mentioned, that is money that we have essentially part in lieu of further acquisition or Affiliate startup opportunities that should all things being equal, pick up a relatively consistent yield. So, that's what I would be thinking about in terms of modelling that part of the portfolio. The rest of it is deployed in  C Capital (00:50:40). That's across a whole range of different strategies from private markets and Palisade through to equities and Life Cycle. And we're not trying to make a particular return on that. Clearly, we would like to, and we expect to over the medium term, but really that money is to accelerate the growth of new strategies and support the growth of new strategies. So it's a very, very important for us strategically less so in terms of the return that we get on it. So we tend to think of that being broadly flat. If the markets are up and if affiliates perform well which they have done, we'll get a return on it. But that's not something that we would bake into our own forecast. So, simplistically, the earnings on the  AUD 200-odd (00:51:21) sit in the dividend line and the variation in the  AUD 140 (00:51:24) balance goes through fair value gains effectively? It's a little bit more complicated than that just because some of those dividends we reinvest. So we'll see it as a capital gain. Some of the distributions won't get paid until the next half, but over the medium-term that's about right, yes. Okay. Thank you. That's all from me. Thanks, Tim. Your next question comes from Nick McGarrigle with Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Hi. Thanks for taking questions. I just have a question about the offshore business and how you think about investment in both the UK and US to build up the kind of essential parts of the platform that you've so successfully built in AUS. Just thinking about that over a medium term, is it  (00:52:07) to be a kind of a big bang approach to distribution in the US, or will it be more focused around particular asset classes or clients? Yeah. So the rate at which we grow distribution overseas depends on the opportunities we see and not afraid to add distribution resource overseas. But we don't do it sort of a long way ahead and hope for the best. We do it as we're seeing opportunity. So we will definitely be expanding actually in several areas, including the US. But it's the UK and Europe where there's this immediate opportunity with Life Cycle where they're very well-known. We're going to use that to spearhead a fairly significant increase in our distribution capability there. But we're not talking huge numbers of people, but we're – it'll be a very material increase in distribution. They are big addressable market, and we want to go after them. We just want to do it at a sensible rate as we've got offerings that we know are going to be attractive there. That's when we put in the extra resource. But it is, it will accelerate from here for sure. Do you want to say something to  (00:53:30)? Yeah. So, Nick, it's really a cumulative process and one that compounds around identification of talent in terms of affiliates on the ground, which are relevant to the end market. When you have talent on the ground inside the UK, in the US, you have reputation  (00:53:48) with local investors, then you can accelerate the speed with which you bring on talent. More you have a diversified portfolio of locally based strategies which you are addressing in that local market, plus your international strategy based out of Australia, which can be important in today's market alongside that. Then you have a greater justification for accelerating that. It also draws in future talent, of course, onto the platform the more success you have. The greatest showcase we can have around that is the success we generate for Horizon 2 base strategies in particular, where we go from a startup phase to a large scale business over time, which we've done with IKEA and what we intend to do with Life Cycle as well, Langdon and Palisade Real Assets. But it becomes very much cumulative compounding in its nature rather than big bang, which is where you start the conversation. And maybe given you've kind of alluded to the investment in Life Cycle given the prospectivity, can you just talk us through how the 2025 develops? Obviously, they started by observing the non-solicits, up until the end of Jan, but what does their pipeline look like? What is the kind of 2025 look like for them? So we're very pleased with the start that Life Cycle has had. They have meticulously observed the restraints that were on them. And that's held them back from – we didn't launch the  (00:55:17). And the UK  (00:55:23) funds until just recently for that reason. And no one has been talking to Royal London clients whilst that non-solicit period was. Nevertheless, we've had a very nice start. We've got AUD 1 billion pass retail already because we launched the Australian retail funds a few months ago. So we're very pleased with the start. They've done great work, worked incredibly hard, rebuilding all their capabilities so they are in very good shape. The Australian retail market, the Australian  (00:56:01) market, and then there'll be institutional clients over in the UK and so on as well. I'm not going to give you a numbers, Nick. You could do those numbers, you're very good at that. I'll just say they're high quality, they're well-regarded and we feel very good about it and we're delighted to be partnering with that team.  (00:56:30) I think from, also important to note is the nature of the returns we've seen in global equities in the last decade, in particular the stylized returns between value equities to growth and mainly dominated by growth. I think that most asset owners around the world are consulting, looking at how do I neutralize a lot of these  (00:56:52), how do I neutralize the performance of, say, the magnificent seven in my portfolio and address that. So style neutral core based managers, what is very much in vogue right now with asset owners and this is why we feel quite confident, not just about Life Cycle, but also about groups like Plato and their global equity strategy as well... Solaris. ...Solaris and core Australian equities because they really is meeting the market need. We would ebb and flow between growth and value over the last decade delivering through the cycle alpha. So,  (00:57:26) and while we feel pretty confident about our capacity to generate some pretty good net inflows into Life Cycle in particular, which is where you started. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for that. Last one, last question. Coolabah obviously seems to have had very significant flows in the six months. Can you just talk through is that into new strategies and then what the runway for those new strategies is particularly if it's around their international fixed income strategy? Yeah. So, I think you've highlight actually something that I think is an enormous opportunity for us. If you think about where Coolabah started, focusing on domestic credit, they've now expanded into global credit where there put effectively a 24-hour trading desk with offices in three continents around the world. So, they're following the sun in terms of trading US dollar, credit euro, united both in traditional credit, high investment-grade quality credit in addition to sovereign debt as well, long and short. Their alpha stream is very much – is generated around excess returns and capital gains rather than yield into investments or duration  (00:58:32). That platform, when you think about the addressable size of global credit markets, we were talking about $40 trillion. So, the opportunity set to significantly expand that firm and raise significant capital is enormous for a business like that. So, we had three really significant wins in global credit in the second half on the institutional side from international investors both in Europe and New Zealand, in addition to Australia as well with several multi-manager funds. So, very fast adoption by consultants and after on, into that strategy, in addition to the same sovereign strategy, we should also have launched in the market. We secured our second investor into that long short offering as well. So, we're talking about much larger addressable markets in strategy which works just as well overseas as it does locally in Australia in terms the alpha stream.  (00:59:25), do you want anything to that? Yeah. The only thing I'd add is that growth in the global credit we're seeing that flows through to the wholesale and retail market. And so, one of category killing products that Coolabah has brought to market recently has been the floating rate high yield funds that's predominately been an Australian based product. In the next quarter, we expect them to launch the global floating rate high yield strategy. That will be a listed strategy, it will be listed on the ASX and as we know, there's a huge opportunity to target capital at the moment on the ASX given some of the regulatory changes around hybrids, etcetera. So that's going to be a big beneficiary for groups like Coolabah that can address that part of the market, groups like Metrics that can address that part of the market. And so, with market leading returns, with the profile that they've got, the distribution capability behind them, we feel very good about Coolabah and on the same as Chambers – Andrew, sorry, where I just think there's a huge opportunity for Coolabah and also for Metrics as investors become more sophisticated in the fixed income side of their portfolios and look for alternatives to traditional credit, which, to be honest, haven't delivered since the GFC. So, there's a huge market opportunity for this. Okay. Thanks. Your next question comes from Greg Hoffman with Hoffman Capital. Please go ahead. Hi, Ian, you used the term product densification, which around the international opportunities. Could you just speak a little bit more about that and just explain what you mean by that and how it fits into the opportunity? Yes. Thank you, Greg. I might actually ask Andrew Chambers to address that. He's our expert. Yes. So, it's not having sufficient product. Diversity is relevant to local investors in those global markets. So, having – we have teams which have reputational halos which are very well-known to local investors and in multiple asset classes, which are complementary to each other, credit-based strategies, as well as global equity versus local equity. So, it's really about having sufficient product densification, because what it means for a salesperson is you are more relevant to more people more often to the degree you represent more asset classes which are relevant to the lives of local investors. Obviously, to the degree, we're just exporting Australian domiciled Affiliates into those foreign markets. You really – it's a much longer process of building reputational halos for those local investors. But, obviously, they can ride the coattails of local talent in those markets and get the benefit of diversified portfolio of underlying asset classes and Affiliates. Got it. Thank you. Your next question comes from Elizabeth Miliatis with Jarden. Please go ahead. Good morning, gents, and thanks for taking my questions. And also apologies if this has already been asked. I was off the call briefly. Just around – just the Pinnacle parent profit. There was a loss adjusting for the fair value gains. There was a loss noted in the first half. In terms of the second half and then in the next few years, how should we think about that as the business evolves? Yes. Okay. I've been longing to answer that. There's one new issue this time in the Pinnacle parent's paying tax now and that's a little bit complicated, it looks like a high amount of tax that's because  share in (01:03:05) Coolabah, they distribute their profits pre-tax and so the tax on the  share in (01:03:14) Coolabah profits are paid at the  peak of (01:03:16) parent level, whereas our share of those profits come in to the line item share of Affiliate profits. But Dan will do a better job on this than me. That's pretty much it, Ian, on the tax what explained. And in terms of what we think in the second half and beyond, we're not and forgive me for saying this again, we're not targeting a particular outcome when it comes to Pinnacle parent, the real purpose of that business is to be an enabler for the growth of our Affiliates and we're always investing in the Pinnacle Headco to make sure that we're sufficiently staffed and we've got the right level of talent in the various areas to provide that support. But structurally, we do think that there's likely to be higher and more rapid revenue growth in the medium term than there will be cost growth because of the structure of some of the arrangements we've got in place. So that will probably start to unwind in the second half, but you'll see it come through more in FY 2026. Yeah. So see, Elizabeth, we – point is, we don't actually target and aim for substantial profits in Pinnacle parent. That will be an outcome. We do think, as Dan said, over time Pinnacle will earn profits and obviously, it earns profits on our PI. But as you say, if you exclude our returns on PI, Pinnacle parent doesn't necessarily make a profit, and so we're not intending necessarily that it will, although it's probably likely to. Yeah. Okay. Got it. And then just secondly, on Metrics, I mean, there's been a few negative articles on Metrics out in the press and then, more broadly, around the private credit market. Are you able to talk to within the funds, are there sort of any material issue, a lot of other material amount of loans which are going bad or anything like that and Metrics having to take the  case back (01:05:18)? And then, also, if you could just sort of talk to the broader credit environment. Is there any systemic issues that you guys are seeing or are you still comfortable? And how is deployment currently going? Thank you. Yeah. So, I'll make a few general comments on Metrics. The first thing I'd say, we're absolutely delighted with our partnership with Metrics. It's an extremely high-quality business. I would also say that there is quite a range of quality and capability in the private credit space. It's been a reasonably hot space and that can attract some people who aren't as experienced and skilled and high quality. So, some private credit managers might have negative outcomes, but Metrics is very high quality. We are great believers in them. They are getting very strong flows. They've been investing on growing their origination a lot across a range of sort of asset subclasses. So, we're very, very happy with Metrics. The press you'll see, there'll be press on private credit. Don't really have time to go into that, except to say, we think it is an extremely large and will grow a lot asset class, and we want to play in that through Metrics very strongly. The few specific examples that you'll see, these were always be very hard profile. They have converted from debt to equity in a few instances, which are well-publicized. They have said they are very confident that their investors who invested funds that include equity will get good returns on those what are now equity investments that were loans. But I might ask Andrew Chambers to talk a little bit more about this. I guess one thing to point out is that one of the advantages of being a product credit lender is your capacity to convert debt to equity, unlike a bank whereas two  (01:07:44) hold on their balance sheets. At certain stage, they force sellers to effectively hedge funds in the market. And when you're asset-based lending, examples have been in the press, you have collateral to get full recovery on your money versus, say, cash flow lending. So, that's where you come in to point out to begin with. The team has lent through – in terms of the management team that lent through the 1991 recession. Now, remember, the 12% unemployment through that period of time, there was a commercial property disaster in Australia. So, there have been – they lent through that period and were lenders throughout that period. The team were also – the major team leading National Australia Bank's leveraged finance unit during the global financial crisis, AUD 5 billion of outstanding during that period where they're performing book of loans there. So, they've been through these stress periods before and have significant work out experience as well. So, I think we can rely a lot on the experience of the team and their capacity to get return – preserve full value on all their loans, which are all performing today. Obviously, the portfolios themselves, because they have listed investment trusts, are subject to sort of stress testing by external valuation groups. We had KPMG doing all these. PwC doing impairment testing. So there's a lot of work that's happening around the performance of those underlying portfolio. And we've got continuous disclosure obligations across the market. In the real estate market specifically, in 2020, of course, we had the COVID disruptions to supply chains, which impacted the real estate market. 2021, we had increased construction costs, particularly materials and labor, increasing by about 30% during that period of time. And then finally, the rising – rate rises hitting funding costs in early 2022. So those things collectively have obviously impacted a lot of builders which operate on sort of 3%  top (01:09:35) margins – in  top (01:09:36) margins. And so what you're seeing in the press now is very much a backward-looking view of the real estate market rather than a forward-lending view of the market today, which is much more stabilized. But again, I'll just point out that you have – we have the capacity to lean on that collateral, if needed, to get full recovery on those assets. So hopefully, that helps to answer your question. Yeah. Thank you. That's very helpful. That is all the time we have for questions today. I'll now hand back to Mr. Ian Macoun for closing remarks. Great. So, look, I'd just like to thank everyone again for joining the call. You'll see a lot of activity over the next week as we speak to shareholders and analysts and so on in the detail of our results. But thanks again, everybody. That concludes our teleconference today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            