
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PNI's Full-Year FY 2024 Financial Results Teleconference. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Managing Director, Mr. Ian Macoun. Please go ahead. Thanks, Rachel, and welcome and thanks to everyone who has joined us on the call this morning. As you have heard, this call is to discuss our results for the 2024 financial year. We posted with the ASX last night a formal results announcement, our annual report, including the audited financial statements for the year, our corporate governance statement, and importantly, our corporate sustainability report, and also importantly, our investor presentation. We'll be speaking to various parts of the presentation this morning. The colleagues with me on the call are Alan Watson, our Chair; Andrew Chambers, Executive Director with particular responsibility for Institutional Distribution and International; Kyle Macintyre, who leads our Wholesale and Retail Distribution Function; and Dan Longan, our CFO. I'll call out the main themes and highlights of our results, and also briefly provide some further context and elaborate a few aspects that we feel are particularly important for analysts and shareholders to understand. We'll leave plenty of time for questions, which you are welcome to direct to any of the Pinnacle representatives on the call. As you can see on the agenda, slide 3, there are sections where the relevant executive will be Andrew or Kyle or Dan rather than me. Slide 2 is the disclaimer that is important and we would ask you to read this at your convenience. Slide 3 is an agenda. Slide 5 is a summary of our themes for the 2024 financial year. For quite some time now, we've been emphasizing our strategy of further increasing the diversity of our business. Our momentum in both private markets, asset classes and internationally has underpinned a year in which we achieved robust growth in funds under management, in revenue and in earnings. We delivered record opening funds under management of AUD 110.1 billion as we moved into the new 2025 financial year. That is up 20% on a year earlier and up 10% over the six months from 31st December. We delivered a net profit after tax for the 2024 financial year of AUD 19.4 million, up 18% on last year. Earnings per share of AUD 0.45, up 17% and dividends of AUD 0.42 per share, also up 17% on FY 2023. To elaborate these themes, looking at slides 5, 6 and 7. We have achieved continuing growth in private markets, assets under management and in other alternative strategies. The momentum has continued to build in International Distribution. We have achieved robust overall retail net inflows despite weakness in the appetite of retail investors for public equities over the first three quarters. Our net Horizon 2 spend reduced as expected as revenues grew, demonstrating operating leverage across the platform in the second-half of the financial year. Many Affiliates have continued to deliver strong investment performance, resulting in performance fee contribution from a diverse set of strategies. To elaborate these themes, looking at slides 6 and 7, continuing growth in private markets, assets under management and in alternative strategies, fundraising conditions remained challenging for public equities managers during the year, despite rises in headline indices. Net inflows into private markets assets represented 57% of our total net inflows for the year. Private markets funds under management represented AUD 22.8 billion, or 21% of total FUM at June 30, 2024, up from AUD 1.5 billion, or 6% of total FUM at June 30, 2016. And up from AUD 16.5 billion, or 18% at June 30, 2023. Affiliate revenues from public equity strategies were 54% in FY 2024, on 70% of total FUM, compared with 81% on 89% of total FUM five years ago. International distribution momentum has continued to build. International investors now account for more than AUD 18 billion of FUM from more than 40 countries outside of Australia. The challenges in the domestic institutional market are well-known. We will discuss these later. We've been deliberately investing in our international distribution capability and in internationally relevant product development over the past 10 years. This is now delivering meaningful flows success, AUD 7 billion or 70% of our total net inflows in FY 2024 was from international investors. We have a very strong platform for future growth. We have achieved robust overall retail net inflows, despite weakness in the appetite of retail investors for public equities over the first three quarters. Our diverse product set has driven a solid overall outcome, AUD 23 billion (sic) [AUD 2.3 billion] of retail net inflows into private markets asset classes plus AUD 1.3 billion of retail net flows into listed credit and we delivered strong distribution performance in REITs and in equity income in retail. Our product innovation has broadened the access to private markets asset classes for wholesale and retail investors. Noting that conditions for raising assets into traditional equity strategies were challenging for much of the financial year but there were early signs of improvement in the fourth quarter and in July. Our net Horizon 2 spend has reduced as expected, as revenues grew, demonstrating operating leverage across the platform in the second-half of FY 2024. Pinnacle and Affiliates have continued to invest in Horizon 2 initiatives driving strategic growth over the medium-term. Spending on current Horizon 2 initiatives peaked in the second-half of FY 2023 and the first-half of FY 2024. Revenues from these initiatives have continued to build during the second-half of FY 2024. The net cost to Pinnacle, after tax, in the second-half of FY 2024 was AUD 4.5 million, down from AUD 7 million in the first-half, which represented a significant reduction in both the absolute cost and the relative cost to Pinnacle. We actively seek and prosecute additional initiatives of compelling quality. These initiatives create additional capacity, providing medium-term growth opportunities, and have historically delivered high returns on investment. Co-investment from Affiliates reinforces the focus from our Affiliate partners on growing their businesses and delivering superior growth through the cycle. Many Affiliates have continued to deliver strong investment performance, resulting in performance fee contribution from a diverse set of strategies. 85% of Affiliate strategies with a track record of five years or longer have outperformed over the five-year period to the end of June. More than 25 strategies now have the ability to deliver performance fees, and these represent 35% of Affiliate's total FUM. In the 2024 financial year, 13 Affiliates contributed performance fees. The strategy set is diverse and largely uncorrelated, with the ability to deliver meaningful fees in each financial year, across market cycles. Turning to slide 8, the financial highlights. As I mentioned, we've reported NPAT of AUD 90.4 million for the year, 18% up on the FY 2023 NPAT of AUD 76.5 million, and diluted EPS was AUD 0.455 per share, up 17% on the FY 2023 EPS of AUD 0.39 per share and we've declared a final dividend of AUD 0.264 per share, taking total dividends for the year to AUD 0.42 per share, also up 17% on FY 2023. For the top left-hand side of the table, our aggregate Affiliates FUM at 100% at 30th of June 2024 was AUD 110.1 billion. This was up AUD 18.2 billion, or 20% on AUD 91.9 billion at 30th of June 2023; and up AUD 10 billion, or 10% on the 31st of December 2023. Aggregate retail FUM was AUD 28.8 billion at 30th June 2024, up AUD 6.1 billion, or 27% on a year earlier. The ASX 300 Index was up 7.7% over the year and the MSCI World Index up 17.5%. The Nasdaq was up 28.6% and the Global Reach Index relevant to  raised cap (00:13:07) was up just 2.9%. Total Affiliate revenue at 100% was up 30% at AUD 663.4 million, of which AUD 553.6 million was base fees, up 22%, and AUD 109.8 million was performance fees, up 89%. Pinnacle share of performance fees, after tax, was AUD 31.2 million, up 112%, so a little over double on AUD 14.7 million in FY 2023. Total net inflows for the year were AUD 9.9 billion, of which AUD 3.9 billion was retail, AUD 7 billion was from international investors, and we had AUD 900 million of net outflows from Australian institutions. During the second-half of the 2024 financial year, total net inflows for the half were AUD 5.4 billion, of which AUD 2.1 billion was retail, AUD 3.9 billion was from international investors and we had AUD 600 million of net outflows from Australian institutions. Slide 9 shows our record of earnings growth over the eight years that we had been listed Pinnacle. Slide 10 shows the alpha performance, about 40 Affiliate funds or strategies in bar chart format over the past five years. Slide 11 shows the detail of the Affiliate platform and some of the highlights within Affiliates of the 2024 financial year. Slides 13 and 52 to 56 provide further performance detail. Slide 12 elaborates our track record of strong earnings growth through periods which incorporate some less favorable stages of the market cycle. Slide 13 shows some detail on our performance fee record and opportunities. As mentioned, we are growing the size and diversity of our performance fee potential, and look forward to our strategies with larger performance fee FUM delivering in future years. Slide 14 shows our 18-year FUM and net flow history. FUM has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 23.2% per annum over the past 10 years. Our FUM source from international clients has grown very strongly over the past few years and particularly in FY 2024. Aggregate retail and international FUM, which tend to have higher fees than domestic institutional, now represent 43% of total FUM. Slide 15 provides detail on the growth of our private markets businesses and of our international asset classes. And again, slide 16 provides some detail on the increasing diversification of our business. Slide 17 updates on our more recent major industry awards. A huge one was Hyperion winning the Overall Fund Manager of the Year Award from Morningstar. Slide 19 has detail on our revenue and margin performance and slide 20 has further detail on our financial results. The main additional item I would point out there is the change in NPAT, excluding the return on our principal investments and offsetting interest cost and the OpenInvest revaluation. As I have stated every year, I think of that as an important measure of our core earnings. At AUD 83.3 million, that was up 23% on last year. Slide 21 shows balance sheet items. I will skip over Sections 3 and 4, leaving that detail to questions and one-on-ones. I think I have referred to key conclusion points from those sections. So, if we had more time, I would love for you to hear directly from Andrew Chambers and Kyle Macintyre on these topics. So, I moved to Section 5 titled Growth Agenda slides 26 to 41. In slide 27, we remind shareholders that we think in terms of three horizons of growth. Horizon 1 is the main game. It is continuing to pursue net inflows into existing strategies of existing Affiliates. We remain very confident of our ability to continue to do that. We conservatively estimate the unutilized capacity of the Affiliate's existing strategies at in excess of AUD 300 billion. So, there is plenty of Horizon 1 runway left with the attendant strong gains in operating leverage that will be accompanied by such growth. Slide 28 explains that we have an excellent platform in place to move ahead with sustained growth. Horizon 2 is the subject of a lot of activity, both within Pinnacle itself and within all of the Affiliates. We have stated that we estimate this cost was in the order of AUD 11.5 million to Pinnacle's bottom line NPAT in FY 2024 compared with AUD 14 million in FY 2023. This is a slow, patient process where we invest now for medium-term gain. But we have been doing this for a long time and have a very strong record of very high returns on the past Horizon 2 investments, not even including unrealized capital gains on the value of the businesses and strategies that we have built, and we are confident that will continue to be the case in the future. We've mentioned specific Horizon 2 initiatives in slides 29 and 30. Slide 31 explains that Horizon 2 has been a highly valuable accelerator for new Affiliates and strategies. The aggregate net cost to Pinnacle of these initiatives within Pinnacle and Affiliates, has reduced significantly from an estimated AUD 7 million in the first-half to AUD 4.5 million in the second-half of FY 2024. Slide 32 has some detail on a new Pinnacle Horizon 2 Affiliate, Life Cycle investment partners, which has only just begun. It is early days and this high quality global equities Affiliate based in London we'll build carefully and deliberately over the coming year. We will update on progress in this regard in due course. Slides 35 to 39, provide some detail on Metrics which has been undertaking extensive Horizon 2 initiatives. Now to slide 33, Horizon 3, which of course is where we use capital to buy into existing businesses. Our most recent Horizon 3 transaction was the acquisition of 25% of private equity and venture capital manager, Five V, in December 2021. As planned Five V has expanded substantially since then and we are delighted with this partnership. In terms of potential new Horizon 3 opportunities, slide 33 explains in summary that we have done a lot of work on a large range of attractive opportunities, but in the final analysis we haven't so far progressed with any to completion since Five V. We have remained disciplined and patient but have made substantial progress on several fronts and look forward to reporting new initiatives to you when they eventuate. Slide 34 shows some milestones in the growth of Five V since we acquired our 25% interest. Again, slides 35 to 39 provide some detail on Metrics, which is another successful Horizon 3 acquisition made in 2018. Slide 40 shows some milestones in the growth of Horizon 3 investment, Coolabah, since we acquired our initial 25% interest in December 2019. Slide 41 provide some further detail on Coolabah, which has performed very well. I really want to spend some time on Section 6, Corporate Responsibility. We are proud of the progress we have made on so many fronts. I refer shareholders to slides 43 to 46 of the presentation and to the corporate sustainability report that we tabled last night and is on our website. In summary, we are committed to building a sustainable, inclusive and resilient firm. You can see some of the actions we have taken under the headings Purpose, People and Planet on slide 43. Slide 44 to 46 summarize the work of the PNI Foundation, of which we are very proud. Total donations made by the Foundation during FY 2024, primarily to the 17 long-term charity partners were AUD 677,000 with Affiliates providing a further AUD 445,000 to 12 of these charity partners. Total support provided to charities across the group, including also Workplace Giving by employees totaled AUD 1.387 million. Now, in conclusion, referring to slides 48 and 49, I would like to remind shareholders once again of the basis on which we remain so confident of our company's ability to grow and prosper, which is our distinctive business model that was designed specifically to ensure sustained investment excellence. This is embodied in our DNA, our core ideology or fundamental beliefs, which are the basis on which our business was built and which will endure and guide us for many years, hopefully decades into the future. This is the source of our competitive advantage. The most talented and experienced investment professionals love it. Importantly, their clients love it. It delivers stability and sustainability and longevity, which traditional investment institutions are less able to facilitate. We are experts at the multi-affiliate model, which we have been successfully executing on for two decades. We execute on it better than others. We understand talented investment people and their needs, the subtle forces that sustain enduring excellence and those that are inimical to it. We ensure succession when others don't seem willing or able to. Importantly, these basic principles are applicable to a very broad range of asset classes, geographies and markets. They will sustain our growth as we evolve and adapt and as the world changes. The need for investment excellence is massive, greater than ever. And more so as investing becomes more and more difficult and as market circumstances change. Can we please now invite questions? Please note the appendix has additional information people are often interested in. I would particularly call out slide 57, which shows historical FUM by Affiliate every six months over the past 12 years. We can go to questions, please. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Nicholas McGarrigle with Barrenjoey. Good day, guys. Thanks for taking questions. I had a question around operating leverage in the underlying Affiliate. So, obviously, the Horizon 2 costs have come down materially on a run rate. But can you give us a sense of any other things to think about with the operating leverage? I think it was a kind – 1 percentage point or 2 that the margins picked up. But should we think that that has increased bandwidth FUM growth into FY 2025? I will ask Dan to answer that. But sort of big picture, Nick, we've said we don't target particular margins, et cetera. We address every piece of potential business. And if it's good business, we take it; and there's a big range of fee rates and so on. But, broadly speaking, increasing retail, increasing international investors, that is very helpful for our revenue, for our fee rates. As you know, Horizon 1, as we continue to grow the FUM of existing Affiliates, that is very helpful. Nick, you and others keep pointing out to me that our margins are not as high as many fund managers. And I say to you there's no reason why they won't be when our Affiliates are not investing so much in Horizon 2 and as they become more mature. I love to talk about Hyperion Global, which is at AUD 3 billion and has capacity of AUD 30 billion and won't need any more costs to get there. But, yes, there is a lot of operating margin expansion inherent in our business. In terms of what you're really looking for, the shorter-term, it is expanding somewhat. Our existing Horizon 2 Affiliates are maturing and that brings us more revenue and lower net cost. I've been questioning how much more Horizon 2 we do in the future but we had a big peak which has come off somewhat. But Dan, do you want  (00:31:03) and answer Nick's question more short-term? I mean, you've hit the main points Ian in terms of the actual data points, Nick. So the margin improvement was about 5 percentage points second-half on first and 3 percentage points after performance phase. And the FUM at the end of the year, AUD 110 million is about 10% higher than the average. So, we feel that we're in reasonable shape heading into 2025 for that to continue to improve. And I guess as a... Our...   (00:31:30). Sorry. Go ahead. No. I was just going to say performance fees, of course, will vary year-by-year. But I've been banging on for a very long time that I believe there is a certain minimum level that you ought to be baking in year-after-year because it is such a diverse range, so we ought to get a certain minimum level. We have numbers in mind here. You can all make up your own mind. But of course, some years it will be higher again. That's a variable. But I think people understand that the underlying margin should grow over time. And then the – I guess one of the investment areas in Horizon 2 has been Metrics but it seems like profit obviously grew there 40% as you disclosed in annual report, so that was good to see. It looks like second-half, obviously there was an even more material growth rate. Do you want to make some comment on Metrics and I guess add some color on recent FUM growth and have we seen the origination revenues come out of that pretty significant FUM growth over the second-half yet? So, Metrics have been, still are, on a mission to grow their business, very greatly. They're growing origination capability big time. That's been quite expensive. They are marketing like crazy to get FUM in because they know they can cope with much larger FUM than currently. So, that's the mission they have been on. We've been very happy about that, although it has not been helpful for our short-term profits and margins and so on. But, look, Andrew Chambers has been responsible for selling Metrics. He's very close to it. He's on the board of it. But you'll notice their FUM inflows have been strong in both retail and in institutional and offshore. Do want to just talk a little bit about Metrics and the flows? Yeah. So. I mean, overall net inflows into Metrics exceeded AUD 4 billion for the year. I think on the institutional and international side, for international, about AUD 0.5 billion likely were in excess of sort of AUD 1.7-odd billion and then the balance in retail. The retail number is very substantial in the context of the wholesale/retail markets participating in private markets through open-ended structures and permanent capital vehicles. I think we have about AUD 7.8 billion today in the wholesale/retail markets, in private market strategies through that particular channel, which makes us leaps ahead of any nearest competitor in the market in that space, that private markets overall as opposed to Metrics in terms of total AUM. But Metrics continues to invest very heavily in our origination, where they're really trying to bring the investor close to that point of origination, where the full benefit of those risk-adjusted returns flow through to the investors and to have better control of setting the terms and conditions with borrowers, in terms of the credit terms and the conditions, have better risk management as a result of that origination but also a much higher cadence of deployment relative to most of the peers in the market which might raise a close-ended fund but take them only three to five years to fully deploy it. So, that reduces any J-curve and any cash spreads for investors being deployed so quickly. So, origination is particularly strong with over 70 people in origination and the business today. And the real competitive advantage for the business, in terms of both risk management as well as deployment and total returns relative to peers. Have we seen – that obviously significant flows in the second-half, have we seen the origination revenues that come from deploying those proceeds into writing loans? So, that's certainly happening. But obviously they need to step up and step back, pace at which they originate new lines. They will – sometimes they have sort of finalized terms and conditions with borrowers for that undrawn capital for maybe six months later to 12 months later. So, obviously there's a real art form to closing out deals, actually getting that money deployed. But the reality is they speed up and slow down the rate of origination in response to obviously the inflows coming into the business. And then it would be remiss of me not to ask a final question maybe on Life Cycle. Obviously, it's a new manager starting up. I think the main principals there have come off their gardening period only a couple of weeks ago. How should we think about the ramp-up profile of that business over it's first year? So, it's very early days, Nick. But as investment professionals, there are seven of them, initially have post-employment restraints, which they need to honor and which they will honor. I would say you won't see much activity this calendar year probably. It takes time to build a new boutique. We build carefully and deliberately. This should be a very big and very successful business over time. We will do it at the pace that makes most sense for building quality. So, as I said, we will update in due course. But we tend to go slowly and carefully at the beginning.   (00:37:20) Take Aikya for example. Yeah. Aikya, you didn't see much activity for a couple of years or and then it was like, oh, my goodness, where did that AUD 8 billon come from? Well, it was some of the work that you do early. Thanks. Your next question comes from Tim Lawson with Macquarie. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just, can you – I appreciate there's going to be a few questions around the Horizon 2 investment and obviously you don't want to be stuck in sort of a specific number. But is there a natural level of sort of base revenue to base the expense fee that you think sort of makes sense for the group over the cycle? Sorry. I didn't – are you talking about profit margins or fee rates, Tim? About profit margin. Look, it's different affiliate-by-affiliate. But as Ian said before, all of the Affiliates, well, nearly all of the Affiliates have had a significant Horizon 2 program ongoing for some time. And as that unwinds, as we've begun to see in the second-half, you should see those profit margins improve quite markedly. Now, there's a difference between an equity Affiliate, which can run large amounts of FUM with relatively small human capital and investment, and then a private markets business like Metrics or Palisade where there's a great need for human capital then we'll naturally therefore run at a lower margin. But I think it's fair to say there's room for material growth pretty much across the board. Yeah. And those ones that need extra resourcing. As they grow, they tend to have higher fees, including performance fees and so on, which reflect the economics of those businesses. You talk about Metrics, private markets, business that have strong origination and they don't at all. Those are the ones that will be – that will have the major competitive advantage and be much stronger over time. Tim, so I think what you're getting at, I mean on quality funds management businesses have high margins. That's the nature of them once they mature, but it's something we've always done. We've always encouraged our Affiliates. In fact, we talk about this even before we start them, will they have a long trajectory, will they be able to do new strategies as their earlier strategies run out of capacity and we always encourage them to not exceed capacity. So, it's not surprising that most of our Affiliates are spending some money on new strategies. Of course, the point will come where they don't need to do that anywhere near so much or the new strategies they are investing in, the cost is smaller relative to their base. So, that will happen over time. It all came in a bit of a rush over the last couple of years, and that really heightened the sort of Horizon 2 drag. And I think that has probably sort of worried some people. Will that be permanently the situation. It shouldn't be. But we love Affiliates doing new strategies when it makes sense. And they only do them if they are very compelling. Remember, Affiliates are spending their own money in the sense that they get otherwise be getting dividends. And we will do Horizon 2 when it makes sense. You'll see we've been – we haven't done too many. We've done fairly big ones. We're very, very careful. We talk a lot about sadly how many we say no to because they just aren't big enough, they aren't good enough. But we will keep doing more Horizon 2 but they'll tend to be sort of big. Tim, it's Kyle here. I think one of the pleasing things is when you look at some of the Horizon 2 strategies and what's going to drive growth over the medium-term, have a look at what we've done in wholesale and retail with groups like Plato, with Plato Global Alpha, with that fund now over AUD 100 million in retail fund. Five V Horizons, over AUD 100 million in retail FUM; Langdon, Firetrail small caps, Longwave, all over AUD 100 million in retail funds. So, you're definitely seeing the momentum coming through. And then we've got a really solid pipeline of things that have good ratings that should come through and deliver similar momentum in the coming years. Thank you. And just one quick question on base fee. Obviously, you moved up over the year and particularly in the second-half. Could you just talk to any sort of specific callouts there, please? That's against our sort of simple average calculations obviously versus an average FUM  (00:42:28). Again, as a generalization, private markets asset classes tend to be higher fee than traditional, especially traditional asset classes in domestic institutional. So, that should be a tailwind for average fees as we do more and more private markets. I think there are two main drivers. That's certainly one. And then the other is the growth of international where for similar types of business, you'll generally get a higher fee rate. So, that's really been the main driver. In terms of specifics, we called out at the half-year release that Five V had closed its Fund V at AUD 770 million. That's in the flow in the second-half  (00:43:09) said real assets are in the UK and funded at £100 million mandate that also funded in the second-half. So they were both helpful. Probably worth also adding to Dan's comment on international is not just institutional, international these days. So, of the AUD 7 billion, AUD 575 million came from wholesale/retail channels internationally. So, Canada, Continental Europe, UK wholesale and also New Zealand. And so those are more analogous to what we earn in the domestic wholesale/retail market as well. So, it's not just offshore institutional earning higher rates, but it's obviously the wholesale/retail channels and offshore too. The UK, we'll have a good potential for us. We plan to expand our capability there, in the wholesale/retail market there. Okay. Thanks, guys. Your next question comes from Nick Burgess of Ord Minnett. Yeah. Good morning, Ian and team. A couple of questions for me. Just on profitability of Affiliates. So, Antipodes is acquiring Maple-Brown Abbott. Any impact on – or the impact of that on Antipodes themselves and then impact on the overall profitability of Affiliates, please? Certainly, Maple-Brown Abbott is accretive to Antipodes. They have put capital into that and Pinnacle put just its pro-rata share of the capital required for that. That will be very nicely accretive. Other than that, Dan, do you want to...? Yeah. I mean, we think it's a deal that makes a lot of sense for Antipodes. We absolutely understand the rationale. It gives them further avenues for future growth and asset costs that are pretty nicely complementary. But it will take them a little bit of time to do the things that they need to bring those two businesses together before we see real significant earnings growth on top of that modest accretion that Ian just mentioned. Okay. Thank you. Second question, just around the international distribution. So, you mentioned Ian in the presentation that that's building momentum. That's obvious to say in terms of the numbers, just in terms of the plans for investment in distribution capability internationally given Life Cycle and other opportunities, how are you thinking about that potential? We're definitely going to expand substantially. So, maybe Andrew is responsible for that if he can  spoke (00:45:50) to it. Yeah. So, without a doubt, further investments in Europe, Middle East and Africa, particularly UK wholesale and global financial institutions within the European market as well. So – because we have sufficient product densification around locally based asset managers in the UK, we can really increase the velocity of sales that we generate in that region with local stores on the ground available in the time zone to interact with investors face-to-face. And so that's going to require additional investment in additional wholesale/retail people and marketing people on the ground. So, that might be over three heads that we look at on the ground in the UK, co-located with our existing team to bolster that further and give additional firepower to all of our activities on the ground there, and then embed all the distribution smart that we have from Australian wholesale/retail and embed those into the daily habits and behaviors of the team on the ground in the UK as well. And then obviously extend into Continental Europe because these major European private banks have substantial UK headquarters as does South Africa and other markets like that. Outside the United Kingdom, are we looking at markets like Middle East? We are exploring potential candidates in a place like Dubai where most of the talent tends to center itself. There's quite a growing substantial private wealth market in the Middle East, family offices as well as obviously the major sovereign fund, which people are relatively familiar with. We see that as an attractive growth market. Then, in Canada, to be co-located alongside the London team, where we had operational people on the ground based in Toronto, but obviously the second largest financial center in North America and a market which is very analogous to what Australia was 15 years ago with the vertically integrated banks and wealth managers over there, at a market which is larger than the size of the Australian wholesale/retail market. But obviously substantial inroads are already made by a bank in itself, again a local store manager, where we can co-locate our staff to help and  (00:47:58) distribution support to his local team, and then obviously the incubation of potentially other partners on the ground in a market like that, which has historically had more institutionally owned funds management. Then obviously markets like New Zealand where we're having great success. We have over AUD 2 billion right out of New Zealand and we have strong flows every year from that particular market. I think additional firepower on the ground is the wholesale/retail markets in New Zealand as well will additionally be accretive to the business. So, that will be the really key markets I'd point out. There are also key OECD, Anglo-Saxon based markets, but one with a substantial upside in growth and obviously can benefit from our locally incubated boutiques internationally in particular. Okay. Thanks, Andrew. That's really helpful. Hey, last question for me. Just you mentioned in the presentation that conditions for traditional equity strategies improved in the fourth quarter and July in terms of capital raising opportunities. Can you expand on that a little bit, perhaps, which Affiliates specifically are seeing that interest or which particular channels you're seeing that interest through? That's one for Kyle. Yeah. I think I would say we're cautious. Four months doesn't make a confirmed trend necessarily but conditions seemed to have gotten better. Markets have stayed up. I think retail investors and their advisors are trying to figure out what's going to happen with interest rates. My own view is that as long as the interest rates are not going to go up further, that should be good conditions. Yeah. So, what we've observed is that those structural tailwinds that you've seen towards private credit and fixed income, they have remained over that past quarter. But you have seen a shift in sentiment that we have observed, probably more so over the last two months towards public equities. And that's benefiting managers like Hyperion. It's benefiting managers like Plato, not only on their Aussie income side, but also on their Global Alpha product, which is a global equities product. We've seen positive momentum in Resolution Capital and people looking at  J rates (00:50:32) and the attractive opportunity that we've got there as well. And we've also seen positive momentum in Aussie and global small companies strategies too. So, it's definitely early days. These are always subject to market conditions but you've definitely seen some positive momentum in the last couple of months.   (00:50:54) similarly from the institutional market. People who had significant underwrites to both global and Australian equities for the last 2.5 years, let's call it, 3 years. About six months ago, we started seeing people neutralize their underweight to global equities, not to an overweight but just to neutralize what was an underweight, which was obviously hurting them from an  (00:51:18) perspective. The view that a recession was going to play out in the US has sort of eviscerated that view and then obviously people are taking a more positive view on market returns for global equity. So, that's also been a challenge as well in the last six months institutionally. And I suppose the key thing is, we're very well-resourced, very, very happy with where the team is. We've been constantly engaged with clients, so we're going to continue to focus on taking share. But any positive momentum that comes through from the retail investor would obviously be welcomed. Thanks very much. Good luck for the year ahead. Cheers! And your next question comes from Tom Camilleri with Wilsons Advisory. Good morning, team. Hi, Tom. Congrats on a – good morning team. Congrats on another solid result. I think what – I guess we need to get a bit more color on is the, I guess, Aikya now. It's five times the amount from over the course of the year. How big of an earnings contributor can the business be in FY 2025? Is there a good Affiliate to use as a benchmark sort of NPAT margin that we can think about in terms of how much this can contribute? And then also I guess the momentum in Longwave and Langdon are clearly very positive. Could you just remind us on the capacity that both those Affiliates have the upside for that we can think about in the medium-term as well  guide (00:52:52)? We own 32.5% of Aikya. So, it's average fees are higher than normal global equities or Aussie equities as a general statement. Yeah. And, importantly, they're at capacity in terms of their cost base now. So, there's no additional cost that they need to add. Yeah. And there is both room for FUM growth on top of what they had at the end of the year. But also for them, as most of it is due to start and to rotate out potentially, some of those lower fee clients over the coming months or years and replace it with particularly UK wholesale. As Andrew was talking about before, they've had some very good flows from that channel, which is much lower rates. In terms of a proxy, look, 32.5% shows a lower holding than Hyperion and there are no performance fees. But if you were to look at Hyperion without performance fees, that's probably a sensible one. Yeah. So, it's a modest cost base. Modest number of people given their process. And they're at a stage now where they won't accept business that's not at very attractive fees. The P/E ratio is incredible. Emerging markets are well-below their 21st century averages. So, if you think about the market itself growing and providing an uplift to the asset class, there's substantial upside there. In fact, that's one of the areas where several institutions are starting to go overweight now into emerging market equities based on valuation. Yeah. I think investors are starting to get the idea. Global REITs are extremely cheap, small caps are extremely cheap and emerging markets are extremely cheap. And I think people are starting to figure that out and as Chambers has said, given they're at low levels thus the opportunity just for the market to lift the FUM. The capacity of Longwave and Langdon, Longwave is quite substantial capacity for a small-cap manager because of their particular process. They have lots of – I think it's about AUD 4 billion... Yeah. ...in the first instance, Longwave, and they've also incubated in big-cap strategy as well. Yes. And they have got the costs base at the moment set up to reach that AUD 4 billion, Ian? Yes. Even though they might take on one extra person but basically that's right. Yeah. That's it. And Langdon, I mean they have more people because he has a lot of ambition to add more strategies. And they're running both domestics more than a global  (00:55:55) What's the capacity for global smalls initially? $3 billion...with $3 billion. Yeah. So, let's call it, you have AUD 4 billion. And they have performance fees as well. So, yeah, global small caps, Canadian small caps that can be very lucrative. They don't need a lot of people but their fees are quite high. I mean, Langdon is all retail. It's all retail. At this stage at least. So, the margins would be very high. Yeah. That's great. Thanks, guys. And then maybe just a final one from me. It feels like a bit of the elephant in the room at the moment. So, you've got AUD 154 million of dry powder at the moment. But what's the – I guess like what's the preference now? So, should we look to see or look forward to see more deals in the format that you've kind of drawn up the Royal London arrangement, in that it's very capital-light? Or are you sort of – you're still looking at those Horizon 3 investments and a deal in sort of a big way in the near-term? Look, to sort of generalize, Tom, and maybe oversimplify, those Horizon 2 deals like Royal London, they only come along from time-to-time of a size and attractiveness that we will want to do them. But of course, that's been our... ...bread-and-butter. Yeah. That's been our bread-and-butter. That's been the major way that we've built Pinnacle to-date. So, there will be more of those over time. But we had been signaling very strongly, I don't know maybe my credibility is low on this but we've been signaling, we've been working hard on a lot of Horizon 3 opportunities in private markets. So, it feels like relatively easy to do public markets as Horizon 2, and more likely Horizon 3 for private markets where we buy into something that's already built but on the basis that we can help it to grow a lot. We're only interested in Horizon 3 if we can be a value-add investor. We're not a financial investor. But, yes, the dry powder is there. We've said the direction of travel is more private markets and more overseas. I mean overseas distribution is Horizon 2. But I said in my opening statements that we've made progress, we're getting closer and we look forward to being able to say that we've done some Horizon 3 in private markets. But have calls every week with prospective teams. We spend two weeks on the road in the UK, in the US. Back in March, I think  (00:59:18) that's actually pretty cool for making these decisions about in terms of our underwriting judgment. So, that actually is very  (00:59:25) we'll only underwrite and back a team at the highest level of confidence because we're the right cultural fit. And then obviously it's a sensible process as well ultimately. Yeah. So, we said we've done a lot of work as Chambers said, a huge amount of work. We have candidates, we've made progress but we don't rush into things. You need to get to know the people very well. We regard that as an incredibly important risk mitigator to get to know the people and their character, their vision and ambition and so on. So we're hard at work and we'll let you know when we've got something to announce. Sounds good. Thanks team. Congrats. Your next question comes from Shaun Ler with Morningside (sic) [Morningstar]. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Look, I've just got two questions. My first question is, look, no doubt flows have been quite strong in FY 2024, but can we realistically expect the same run rate in the next two to three years? Because how much of it simply reflects pent-up demand from FY 2022 and FY 2023 when flows are relatively weak? My second question is with you guys adding boutiques, how do you prevent any revenue dis-synergies, for example, could Life Cycle cannibalize either global equity funds. And even within Antipodes, I think premium Asia funds have brought in Asian equities and Asian equity income funds. But Maple-Brown Abbott also have the same products. So, I guess can you please detail very clearly how would you structure your sales strategy, so that these products ultimately complement each other with zero cannibalization fees? Thank you. Yeah. Thanks, Shaun. To address the cannibalization thing, I mean we are very careful. It doesn't matter if it's a little bit around the edges, there's a little bit of overlap but we don't do things that compete head-on. So, for example, Life Cycle, it has a particular style and process which on the growth value spectrum is style-neutral. They have a particular process, so it is not the same by any means as Hyperion, which is growth or Antipodes, which is value. Remember, we've been doing all the equity for years with multiple Aussie equities managers but they're different styles, and that works just fine. In fact, it can be very helpful. We can find opportunities for one while we're out working for them all. Look, the ones you called out with, Maple-Brown Abbott is a little bit around the edges. But basically – and we've adjusted our distribution strategies for each of those. So, Maple-Brown Abbott global listed infrastructure will continue to be distributed by Ironbark in the retail market, for example. Yeah. So – but Andrew Chambers might address the is it only pent up demand that's giving us good flows. Yeah. So, the answer is I haven't seen any diminution of our institutional pipeline or offshore pipeline as a result of this. But obviously the timing of when our business actually converts is something which you can't always control. I mean, do your best to bring those to bear. But there hasn't been a change in the magnitude of the pipeline as a result of this, the conversion of business in this particular year. Obviously, managers like Aikya are coming closer to the end of their big capacity runway, so they're likely to be firmer on fees, so we less likely to convert into the same rate given that runway that we have groups like Life Cycle coming through, which will start up and then become, yeah, that's a change in leadership in terms of net new flows in but don't have a  back book to say that'll show them (01:03:29) like we have in the domestic institutional market that's likely to be relatively well-sustained. And even domestically in the institutional market, we had negative AUD 900 million  (01:03:41) during the full-year. But the reality is we actually feel quietly optimistic about the domestic market as the consolidation phase comes to a close and the largest funds looking to partner with particular asset managers and those mandates are pretty substantial in size. So, I'm not pessimistic necessarily on the local institutional market. So, I guess that should give you a little bit of color that I'm not pessimistic about the outlook, but obviously we can never control the timing of when things convert. And Shaun, the fact that we've outlined we're going to increase our distribution resources overseas. You've seen our style with that. We do that as revenue is growing. So, we wouldn't be doing that if we weren't optimistic about strong ongoing inflows from offshore investors. All right. That's clear, Ian. Thank you and congrats on the good result. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from  Greg Hoffman with Hoffman Capital (01:04:43). Hi, team. Can you drill down a little further into the inflows from the international distribution? What kind of clients are they? Are there particular types of clients where you're getting good traction or others where you'd struggled? Just be interested in that. And you mentioned potential in the UK around wholesale and retail. If that's not part of the first answer, I'd like to hear a bit more of that if possible? So, why don't in answering I give you the geographic breakdown broadly of the flows in responding to that. So, as I mentioned before, the AUD 7 billion, AUD 575 million came from wholesale/retail channels, the balance from the institutional investors. The majority of those investors from the institutional side, from a combination of pension funds, insurance companies, some advice funds where we sort of buy somebody else's wealth management fund and family offices. It is the geographic breakdown, AUD 3.5 billion of that came from the United Kingdom; AUD 2 billion came from the US; AUD 1 billion from Europe and the balance from Asia-Pacific, to give you a bit of feel for that. So, obviously the UK have been the real leadership in terms of flows in the past 12 months. Do you want me to expand any further on those? No. That's – Well, just maybe just that UK market then. Can you just about why do you think you've hit that so well, or what are the factors behind that? And is that sustainable? And it's something you can confidently build on? Yeah. So, it is a function obviously of where we have Affiliates based on the ground side. Obviously, Aikya, the team is based on the ground in the United Kingdom but we also have teams from Antipodes on the ground, Coolabah, have around 10 people with traders on the ground in London and Metrics have several people on the ground as well with the launch of their European vehicles. So, having the availability of people on the ground to fund investors is obviously very powerful in the time zone, along with co-located alongside our distribution executives. Obviously, UK-based investors have been investing with the Australian-based firms for a long period of time, so that's been very comfortable, with the domicile of Australia, Australian-based managers but also the  feed (01:07:17) as well. Managers such as Aikya historically had a larger presence in UK wholesale/retail when I was working at First Sentier or Stewart Investors as it was back in those days. And then obviously  (01:07:32) to leverage their reputation amongst private wealth channels, both in Europe and the UK and obviously a lot of South African businesses which are based in the UK as well. Also that wholesale/retail market, we like it. It tends to have higher fees than institutional. And as we put the foot down on UK wholesale/retail, remember we are a leading distributor in wholesale/retail in Australia, so some of the technology and the knowhow that we have in Australia can be added into the UK. For example, we call it CRM, we can install that over there and so on and keep growing it. That's great. Thanks, guys. And we're probably out of time are we? Just about. I don't know if there are any more questions. There are no further questions at this time. I'll head back for closing remarks. Okay. Thanks. Well, look, I'll just say thank you to everyone who's joined the call. Thanks for all the questions and so on. We've run a little bit over time, so I probably shouldn't rub it on any further. Thank you very much to everybody. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            