
            Management Discussion:  [Abrupt Start]... ... to the Qube Holdings Limited FY 2024 Full Year Results. All participants are in listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Paul Digney, Managing Director. Please go ahead. Good morning, everyone, and thank you, for joining this morning's call. Joining me, as always, is Mark Wratten; and Paul Lewis. I want to start by acknowledging the traditional custodians of country around Australia. Starting on slide 6 of the investor presentation, full year 2024 highlights. Numbers on the slide really speak for themselves. 2024 year now marks the fourth consecutive year that Qube has delivered double digit growth. That's a testament to our strategy and the quality of our assets, systems and our people. It highlights the benefits of our diversification, that enables the business to navigate inflationary pressures and economic challenges that have persisted throughout the year, but have lowered over the past couple of years since COVID. It just demonstrates just how robust the key business is. Now, if I can turn to slide 7, Qube's key markets. As you can see, we saw positive performance across most of our key markets in 2024. And in most cases, we expect this situation to be the same in 2025. Qube is well-established across these key markets and we continue to see good growth opportunities across all the markets. Now, I'll just touch on each market briefly. Containers; very solid performance across logistics and infrastructure, with continued market share growth in these sectors in 2024. We expect the container logistics business to continue to grow at a similar rate in 2025, like it has in the past. Patrick had a strong result and was above expectations, mainly due to having higher market share than normal for a good portion of the year. That market share now has normalized back to 42% market share, leading to the 2025 year. Agri. 2024 was materially lower than the 2023 year for Qube. However, in 2025, it's expected to – we're expecting to have a strong year for agri. How strong that is? We'll know better in the coming months. As we finalize volume commitments and terms with our customers in the short-term. Automotive. We saw continued high automotive volumes across all parts of our auto businesses throughout the entire year, which we expect will ease a little in 2025. However, volumes will be healthy through the 2025 year. Forestry. New Zealand log exports remained flat in 2024. However, earnings improved due to a cost reduction program that we conducted in the first half of this year. Australian forestry improved on the back of China lifting its bans on Australian wood and growth in the India export market. We expect our forestry volumes to be overall similar in 2025 with some earnings uplift around productivity benefits in 2025 year. The resources sector. Qube saw overall steady volumes across most customers in 2024, despite having some lumpy volume challenges with a couple of customers. We expect ongoing growth in 2025 to continue with some ongoing challenges due to commodity prices and labor shortages like in 2024. However, labor and inflationary challenges have improved somewhat since 2023 for us. Energy. In 2024, we continue to grow again in this energy space. In 2025 and beyond, we expect healthy growth with a pipeline of work ahead with the oil and gas and renewable customers. And the last item here, our other businesses. Overall solid earnings from other business sections such as non-containerized logistics, domestic logistics, lifting and project work activities in 2024; and this is expected to continue to grow in 2025. Now turning to slide 8, safety. We have a strong safety culture at Qube and it's something that team has worked very hard over seven years journey to build. Throughout the year, consistent with our program of continuous improvement, we continue to strengthen and enhance our safety systems across the business, to continue to be at the top on safety in our sector. Our performance across our key safety metrics all improved in 2024, which is a pleasing outcome. However, sadly, we had a Qube employee who tragically died in an incident at our South Australian forestry operations. WorkSafe (sic) [SafeWork] (00:05:26) South Australia investigated that incident and we were advised last month that the regulator had closed its investigations, had not identified any failings in Qube's work, health and safety obligations. However, consistent with our commitment to continuous improvement, we have made investments into an industry-first digital communications network, increased monitoring for these and remote operations, which will have the potential to strengthen safety standards for the whole industry, not just Qube. Turning to slide 9; Qube's revenue diversity. I won't labor on this slide. However, it shows how important our diversification strategy is from a geographic point of view. During 2024, we continue to grow that geographic footprint organically and with acquisitions in New Zealand, New South Wales, and Western Australia. And as you would have seen recently, the proposed acquisition of MIRRAT in Melbourne, which we hope to complete late in the first quarter of this year, and an acquisition of Colemans in Western Australia, which we have announced today. Mark will cover these acquisitions in his presentation shortly and I'll be happy to answer any questions on these later in Q&A. Now can I turn to slide 10; ongoing focus on our return on capital employed. Although we still have AUD 780 million of capital that is not generating any earnings for Qube, which includes two terminals at Moorebank, new locomotives and wagons not yet in operations, land that we've purchased to develop sometime in the future, infrastructure assets currently under construction. We continue to track towards our target of 10% return on capital employed and we will cross that threshold soon. That has given us the confidence to review our internal target and set a new target of 12% over the midterm. And we are confident that we should be able to achieve this in the coming years, while importantly, investing in select assets for long-term like we have done in the past. Now, if I can turn to the divisional performance. I'll turn to Slide 12, operating division. The operating division reported another year of strong underlying revenue and earnings growth, as you can see on this slide. I'll now move to the next slide. Slide 13, logistics and infrastructure business unit. We saw high volumes across most container activities in this business unit and high utilization across AAT's infrastructure in 2024. This was partially offset by a weakness in our agri related volumes, which included a 55% decline in our grain terminal export volumes from 2023 in New South Wales. As we have flagged previously, we commenced a grain trading capability in December of 2024 and the aim there is to optimize and utilize Qube's New South Wales grain infrastructure assets across 12 months of the year. This has already proven to be a good strategic step for Qube and we're well-positioned to take that benefit into 2025. Moving to slide 14. Moorebank IMEX Terminal. Many of you attended our recent Investor Day at Moorebank. So you'll be familiar with the progress that we've made on the IMEX terminal and our volume ramp up aspirations for hereon. Last year at EBIT, the IMEX Terminal lost AUD 7 million in EBIT. In July, the combined IMEX and the adjacent container park activities made a profit for the first time of AUD 100,000 EBIT profit in July compared to a AUD 600,000 loss for the same time last year. In July, we handled around 24,000 TEUs for the IMEX and that was without relocating some regional trains and other volumes to the IMEX yet. We are targeting for approximately 400,000 TEU to be handled by the Moorebank's IMEX in 2025. So we're now on the way to making money from this investment as we now ramp up. Over to slide 15. Looking at ports & bulk now. We saw strong growth in revenues and earnings with high volumes across most areas, in particular, motor vehicles, energy customers, and most bulk commodities. The energy business benefited from a ramp up of projects and increased the scope of work from the coal warehousing and supply based services that it provides to its customers. Qube's New Zealand forestry volumes were flat. However, earnings benefited from a cost restructure that was completed in October, as I mentioned before. The result was also benefit from a full period contribution from the Kalari acquisition, which is tracking in line with our expectations, and overall margins improved in the ports & bulk business unit during the year. Moving on to slide 16, Patrick. We talked in the half about the impact of the industrial action at DP World on Patrick's market share, which increased from 42% to 47% in the 2024 year, on an average basis; and that being one of the key drivers in the profit uplift for 2024 for Patrick's. Patrick's ability to efficiently handle these higher volumes reflects the benefits from the substantial investment in landside infrastructure and equipment that Patrick's has and continues to undertake. These investments, were also the key to the strong earnings growth and productivity benefits achieved in the period. Now moving to slide 17. Moorebank Interstate JV. This will be the final slide for me before I hand over to Mark. After completion of the Interstate Stage 1a in May, the terminal was handed over to the JV to undertake ongoing management. As a result, we will now report the interstate as an associate. The opening in May was a significant milestone for Qube, as it's great to have the Prime Minister out there to cut the ribbon. Currently, there are active discussions underway for potential users of the channel; although no agreements have been met yet or have been signed yet. In conjunction with that, we are also assessing our ownership structure for the terminal going forward and that could include selling down equity in this asset. I will now hand over to Mark to take you through some of the key financial information in the presentation deck. Thank you, Mark. Thanks, Paul, and thank you, to everyone on today's call for listening in. As Paul has already highlighted, it was another very strong financial result for the Qube Group for the FY 2024 year and I'll now quickly take you through a few financial slides starting on slide 19. As I said, Paul has given color to logistics & infrastructure and ports & bulk. I'll just cover a few other points. At the group level, Qube delivered revenue growth of over AUD 0.5 billion over FY 2023. This revenue growth was boosted by the establishment of our grain trading business, which contributed circa AUD 140 million of that increase and was predominantly delivered in the second half. Excluding grain trading revenues, our growth at the revenue line would have been circa 12.5%. Our underlying EBIT grew by almost AUD 40 million or 14% over FY 23. However, that growth was offset as expected by much higher underlying net finance costs, which was circa AUD 32 million to AUD 33 million higher than FY 2023, which was reflective of the combination of increased base rates, higher debt balances, and lower interest income from our shareholder loans to Patrick, which have been progressively repaid. Net finance costs also included circa AUD 10 million benefit from the capitalization of interest linked to the construction costs on the IMEX and Interstate Terminals at Moorebank. We  ceased (00:14:07) capitalizing interest during the second half. So this amount will be part of our step up in finance cost as we move forward to FY 2025. Reported EBITA margins for the group is showing a decline from 9.4% to 9.1%. However our margins have been negatively impacted by the commencement of the grain trading business. As I just mentioned, this business delivered circa  AUD 140 (00:14:30) million of revenue in FY 2024 with no margin directly attached to it. Adjusting for this, the group's reported EBITA margin would be slightly higher than FY 2023 at 9.5%. Now contributing strongly to our FY 2024 financial results  was share profit (00:14:46) from associates, its mostly coming from Patrick, as Paul had set out earlier, Qube's other investments in associates entities also performed well in FY 2024, with Prixcar in particular having a very strong year. Late in the year, as Paul also mentioned, the Interstate JV or MITCo, as we call it, was formally established and this entity holds now our investment in the Moorebank Interstate Terminal, 65% investment. Given this asset is in the early stages, it did incur losses  in the (00:15:15) contribution to Qube  at the share of impact (00:15:17) with a loss of AUD 900,000 for FY 2024. And as set out in our FY 2025 guidance, the expected loss in FY 2025 will be materially higher. The net result of all of this was an increase in underlying NPATA of 13% to AUD 271 million and underlying earnings per share of – also 13% to  AUD 0.053 (00:15:39) per share. And on the back of this strong performance, the Qube board yesterday declared a fully franked, final ordinary dividend of AUD 0.0515 per share, which brings our full year dividend to AUD 0.095, which is 13% above last year and is at the top end of our dividend payout ratio of 60%. Moving to slide 20, capital expenditure. In FY 2024, Qube's net CapEx was AUD 615 million. We did complete three acquisitions in the first half, albeit the Narrabri acquisition was predominantly an asset purchase and we completed a very small asset purchase in June. These acquisitions totaled AUD 104 million and I'll cover them in more detail in the next slide. In FY 2024, we invested AUD 179 million on growth CapEx, which included strategic property, warehouses, storage shed, rail assets and other mobile transport and materials handling equipment. A number of these assets will not yet be contributing to Qube's earnings. However, most will do at some point in FY 2025. We also invested AUD 224 million of maintenance in replacement plant equipment as set out in the table, and AUD 124 million on the Interstate and IMEX terminal CapEx, which included AUD 10 million of capitalized interest I mentioned earlier. For those terminals, the final CapEx spend in FY 2025 will be circa AUD 20 million to AUD 25 million combined, that will be mostly incurred in the first half. Now, taking you to slide 21, acquisitions. As I mentioned, we spent AUD 104 million on the acquisitions during the course of the year with the last one in June being a small asset purchase of about AUD 5 million to AUD 6 million in South Australia. In November, we acquired the remaining 50% of Pinnacle, which we originally bought the first 50% in May of 2023, you'll remember, the integration and rebranding of this business has been completed and pleasingly it had a very strong performance in FY 2024 and is well positioned for further growth in 2025. In September of 2023, we acquired strategic rail terminal and grain storage and handling assets in Narrabri. And although these assets were not expected to contribute to earnings in any meaningful way in the short-term, they have been important for us in setting up our grain trading business, particularly in regards to the containerized grain we are now trading. We expect this asset will start to get very busy given the New South Wales harvest outlook. Finally in November, Qube acquired 100% of Stevenson, which is a well-established container transport logistics operator located in North Fremantle in Western Australia. And the integration of that business is also well progressed and should be completed in the first half. Taking you to slide 22, acquisitions to complete in 2025, although one completed yesterday. On May, we announced that we've entered into an agreement to acquire the Melbourne International RoRo & Automotive Terminal, referred to as MIRRAT for a total consideration of AUD 332 million plus costs which will be funded from Qube's available undrawn debt facilities. And MIRRAT is the only dedicated roll-on, roll-off terminal servicing the Victorian market with a long term lease over key port infrastructure. This acquisition is expected to be EPS accretive in 2025 and will make Qube's return on capital hurdles over the medium-term. Completion is conditional on ACCC and Port of Melbourne approval and is expected to complete in the first half of 2025. Now accompanying the release that we put out this morning on our results with the announcement of the acquisition of Colemans business in Western Australia, which completed yesterday afternoon. Colemans is an integrated transport, logistics and storage business with a portfolio of specialized license infrastructure supporting the SSAN supply chain in Western Australia. Consideration for that acquisition was AUD 119 million plus costs and again that acquisition was funded through our available liquidity. Including in Colemans acquisition, we acquired over AUD 90 million worth of property and assets, including high security storage sheds in key mining centers of Kalgoorlie, Port Hedland and Wyndham as well as another important shed in Kwinana. This gives Qube – this acquisition gives the – provides Qube entry into the Western Australia SSAN supply market and complements our east coast services which we acquired through the Kalari acquisition in May of 2023. As with MIRRAT, this acquisition is expected to be modestly EPS accretive in FY 2025 and will exceed the minimum ROCE target when synergies have been fully realized, which is expected to be within two years. I'll now take you to slide 23. This is a busy slide and I won't talk to each item. Qube finished at FY 2024 with a net debt at June 2024 of AUD 1.215 billion  which while (00:20:26) materially increased over where we started the year. It's actually AUD 30 million less than what we reported at December 2023. This was due to a stronger second half cash flow result no material H2 acquisitions and the unwind of some working capital items which I had spoken about back in February. Key outflows in FY 2024 included the CapEx, which I spoke about. Dividends, interest and tax of AUD 274 million. Our grain trading working capital of AUD 80 million, which is mostly comprised of grain inventory on hand at June 30. And I'll talk about that a little shortly in a few minutes. Key inflows included cash received from associates of AUD 100 million, which is predominantly dividends and interest payments from Patrick. Patrick also repaid AUD 45 million of its shareholder loans in late in FY 2024. In FY 2024, Qube has received another AUD 53 million of deferred payments relating to the Moorebank Terminal and the only deferred receipts remaining from the terminal transaction now relates to the LOGOS share of the Interstate Terminal, and the first tranche of AUD 8 million was received in July. In regards to our working capital performance, it improved in the second half as I said earlier, our prepayments, around non grain inventories reduced and we continue to focus on  receivable (00:21:38) management. Our full year cash conversion was 92%. If we exclude the buildup of grain inventories and the associated working capital with that new business, including the impact of the new grain trading business, our cash conversion was at 77%. The 92% number that was impacted by the  taking on (00:21:53) of working capital balances from those acquisitions that I mentioned earlier. The commencement of our grain trading business has  required an (00:22:01) investment in working capital. I did speak about that in February and as at June that stood at AUD 80 million, AUD 70 million of that was grain inventory that we held on storage at June 30th. But during July, circa AUD 38 million of that grain has since been delivered, invoiced and paid for. So, it does cycle. As we look forward to FY 2025 and the expected strong grain season in the areas that Qube operates. We do expect that our working capital needing to be deployed in that business will increase further in the first half, mainly in Q2, and then progressively unwind in the second half. Finally, moving to slide 24, balance sheet and funding. As I mentioned back in February, we had a very active first half in regards to our balance sheet and our funding. We put in place new facilities totaling AUD 740 million. Most of those had five year terms. We terminated AUD 550 million of expiring facilities, including our highest cost debt, which is the ASX listed notes. And we – in the second half we extended a further AUD 150 million of bank debt. And with all of that, our average tenure of our facilities increased from 2.5 years to 3.2 years at June 2024. Our gearing ratio increased to just over 27% on the back of the increased debt balances. However, it's still well below the board lower range – policy range of 30% and well within our covenant. At June 2024, we had AUD 990 million of available liquidity comprising undrawn debt facilities and cash. The MIRRAT and Colemans acquisitions that I just spoke about will absorb a good chunk of our current available liquidity and we'll take our temporary, sorry our gearing ratio temporarily into the middle of the board 30% to 40% range. And as you have seen in our 2025 guidance, we are considering some asset sales which may generate between AUD 180 million to AUD 250 million of cash, which will assist in topping up our liquidity. Finally, management have always got ongoing initiatives in place to ensure the business has the appropriate funding structures and options available to it to ensure that we continue to take advantage of the numerous growth opportunities that come across our desk. And with that, I'll pass you back to Paul. Thanks, Mark. So turning to slide 26 now, full year 2024 summary. So to summarize. Today's results shows that we have the right strategy, the right mix of quality assets, people and systems to consistently deliver sustainable growth. As I mentioned at the start, 2024 marks the fourth consecutive period in which Qube has delivered double-digit earnings growth and the business consistently delivers revenue growth well above GDP through organic and inorganic growth avenues. And also, as mentioned earlier, our sound performance and the road map ahead when it comes to return on capital has given us the confidence to increase our target to 12% over the medium-term. Turning to slide 27, Qube's strategy. I won't spend too much time on this. This slide really underscores the benefit and the value of the Qube's strategy. Qube's multiple growth drivers have supported sustainable high growth across our key markets. Despite at times challenges in certain markets and in a tough year, Qube has prospered with our diversification strategy, with some of our peers in the transport and logistics space may have struggled. Turning to the last slide to finish our presentation for today, slide 28, full year 2025 outlook. Having achieved another strong financial performance in 2024, we are well placed to navigate the economic uncertainties ahead and to continue to deliver earnings. We've had a positive strong start to the year, but it's only 1 month out of 12 month and we're not going to get ahead of ourselves and there's a long way to go. In full year 2025, we expect to deliver strong underlying revenue and EBITA growth includes improved agri volumes and continued high volumes in most areas of our business, as well as the contribution from the 2024 and 2025 acquisitions that Mark just spoke about and growth CapEx and new contracts that we've won recently. We also expect continued underlying NPAT and EPSA growth in 2025, although the growth rate at this point in time is expected to be modest compared to the strong growth rate we achieved in 2024. This is mainly due to lower NPATA contribution from Patrick's, with Patrick's market share normalizing back to 42% and due to the initial losses with the Moorebank Interstate JV as it starts. And in finishing, the diversification of our business is our strength. And we continue to see both organic and inorganic opportunities across our key markets and geographies. I'm very confident in our strategy and it's very proven which will continue to generate shareholder value now and for the long-term. That finishes our presentation today. And I'm happy to take questions and I'll hand back to the moderator. Thank you. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Anthony Moulder with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Good morning all. If I can start with the sale of these assets off the Moorebank Interstate Terminal. Just a clarification as to why you're looking to exit that asset? Yeah. I think we've just flagged it. It's a consideration, as you are probably aware, the core a core part of our strategy, the core part of our assets at Moorebank is the IMEX Terminal. The Interstate Terminal is a part of our deal with the government with an obligation and under a joint venture arrangement with open access. If there is interest from others, we're not really losing too much strategic benefit. We can still use the asset and our core focus is around IMEX. So we're just considering all options. And if there's interest, then we will consider it. But that's where we're at this point in time. Okay. And what does that mean? Is that just the lower interest  and joining (00:29:07) the congestion on interstate rails  (00:29:09) Yeah. Well, I mean. Yeah, sorry, you got to finish, sorry. Can I also ask, as to what that means  for leverage (00:29:19) if you really need to exercise that option down  for leverage (00:29:20). We'll consider everything. I mean  beverages is (00:29:26) maybe a different circumstance for us as well. So, I'll probably answer the first part of your question. We're not active in that Intermodal Interstate space at this point in time. We did put a pause on it. Given  (00:29:47) into that market. So, that's a part of our consideration on the interstate at Moorebank, it is a joint venture structure. So, we're just considering, do we need to own it? Is it the best use of our capital? Can we use it in the future? Yes. Beverage is probably a different consideration for us. Okay. Thank you. Can I ask on the acquisition of Colemans. I've seen a lot of bolt-on acquisitions, they're obviously lot of acquisitions  done over in (00:30:19) WA. At what point do you think you've got sufficient scale in WA market that you're more likely to go for growth that's more organic and acquisition  light (00:30:32). Yeah, we feel the Colemans acquisition is pretty unique. That's a unique sort of supply chain assets. So some ways hard to replicate, given the licensing and the type of facilities  they were (00:30:47) so we saw there's as a – definitely an infrastructure play. And so when these assets come to market or all these discussions about, we looked at, it complements Kalari, it complements our inbound mine supply logistics with the Kalari acquisition. So given the timing of it, given what we do on the east coast in that space, we thought it was a really good opportunity. So, we didn't want to miss that opportunity. So – and if I stay on acquisitions, the MIRRAT Terminal down in Melbourne  (00:31:23) obviously a key user of that terminal. Do they have a long-term contract to continue to use MIRRAT in Melbourne? They don't have a contract. At the end of day, MIRRAT is the only railroad terminal in Melbourne. So, they will be using that terminal.   (00:31:46) obviously there's  (00:31:48) opportunities that others are talking to  (00:31:51) and they're using vehicles,  (00:31:53) if anything to MIRRAT, too early days. Last thing on guidance  take the fact (00:32:02) that it's more back to a qualitative guidance  rather a (00:32:06) quantitative guidance. We're just here in August it's 3.5 months out from the end of the year  to post (00:32:12) something you are probably more definitive or visibility to in February? Potentially. Yeah, yes  no last June (00:32:23) I think. Okay. So, we will still get... ... as we get deeper into the year. Yeah. And the last question if I could. This 6% of net interest, cost of the debt, how does that  profile (00:32:37) if we start to get interest rate cuts next year, how leveraged is that? How quickly can that come through the net interest line? Very quickly. We do have some hedging in place, Anthony. But we would benefit from a interest rate cut without a doubt. All right. Thank you very much. Thanks, Anthony. The next question comes from Jakob Cakarnis with Jarden, Australia. Please go ahead. Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Paul. I'm just going to start with Patrick's, if I can, please. You've given us an average market share for FY 2024 of 47%. You've told us it was 49% in the first half, but it looked like the average share that you retained through the second half was 45%. I think the commentary so far on the call has been that you're trending back at that 42% level. I think the commentary at the Investor Day was surrounded around. You wouldn't see market share back to DP World unless there was volume growth back in the market. Can you just talk to some of those dynamics and how we think that play through the earnings guidance? Please. We've got back to 42%. Everything's normalized now I think in the first half, from the point where we're closer to 49%. And then it found its way back to 42%, which is really on the back of all that industrial action that occurred at DP World. So, we're already at 42% at this point in time. And we believe that's going to be, that's going to be stable throughout the year. Okay. Thanks for that. And just in the Ports & Bulk business in the second half, looks like you had a pretty strong uplift in both EBITDA and EBITA margins. Can you just give us a sense of what's going on there? Is there some mix issues that we need to be considerate of? Is there operating leverage that's flowing through there? Just give us a little bit more than what's in the presentation materials on that slide. I think it was spoken over the last year or so, that the Ports & Bulk business going through some of the challenges around inflationary rises and costs and catch up and some of the issues around labor supply and having additional costs around contractors. I mean,  (00:35:08) and the team has been working hard to improve their margins. So  (00:35:15) at the bottom of the curve, probably last year  was sort of move (00:35:18) the way, back up with our margin improvement  such that (00:35:22) it's a mix of things that's a focus from the management team to do what they always do. We also, Jake, as you remember, we spoke about in February around the cost out or the rightsizing of the New Zealand business. That was in sort of October, November of last year, so we got a full six month benefit of that, that action – that contributed to that improved second half. Okay. So there is a few months, I guess that operating leverage or the shape of that operating leverage to come in the first half of 2025 then? Yeah. Yes. Cool. Just one final one, Mark, just while I've got the mic, the net interest guidance. Can you just confirm that that includes some of the acquisition funding in those two that you've announced today? Yeah, that's correct, Jacob. Our guide includes assumptions that Colemans is coming on board and that MIRRAT will complete in the first half. And so, we've included those funding costs within that guidance range.   easy (00:36:25). Thanks, guys. Thanks mate. Thanks, Jake. The next question comes with Anthony Longo with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, Paul, Mark and Paul again. Just, again, following up on the guidance commentary, in light of the comments that you have made thus far and expectations into 2025. Am I right to assume that at an operating level, you're still expecting some reasonable earnings growth on that front? And then ultimately that more modest guidance that you have given  (00:36:58) is largely the Patrick drag, the Moorebank drag and also that interest step up. Yeah, that's exactly right, Anthony. So good – strong continued good growth in the operating business. Patrick coming back because of its over performance last year, higher interest costs and then the impact predominantly of the increased losses on the interstate JV. It's really, it gets down to those big numbers. Yeah. Perfect, well thank you. And then, in terms of, thinking about the 12% target that you've spoken to today, I mean, how do some of those new acquisitions fit in with that? So, I'm assuming it's probably accretive to your initial 10% target. But if you can perhaps sort of help us understand multiples and what the implications and ramp up of earnings might look like over the next little while, that'd be great, too. Yeah, they're broadly in line, the synergy value needs to kick in over the next 1 to 2 years on both acquisitions. Yeah, they're broadly in line and they're good quality assets. All right. And then the final one for me, so appreciate the working capital and thanks Mark, for all that the detail in the slide there. But your cash conversion this year looked a little bit softer and appreciate the reason for it. But how do you think about cash conversion going forward? What  one should sort of cite (00:15:27) from this working capital issues and the business sort of start growing from here? Yeah,  (00:38:32) moving pieces as I spoke about in February. I wasn't really – we weren't really sure how the grain inventory or the grain trading business would impact our working capital, that was only sort of circa AUD 10 million at December, but as I said, it's gone up to AUD 80 million as I've guided to  (00:38:48) in the first half, predominantly in the second quarter when the harvest comes through and then unwind in the second half. We've certainly – we have a first half, second half sort of cycle around certain lines, which I spoke more about in February around insurance payments, which become prepayments in the first half, unwind in the second half  STI (00:39:10) payments and a few other things like that. But they're all the same. Acquisitions, when we take on board their working capital  (00:39:16) throw that number out a little bit as well. Overall, the biggest item really is around our receivables and that has gone up. We've got obviously revenue growth that's driving that too. But some of our bigger, bigger customers, as I've said few times, make a bit of  an art form of (00:39:35) delaying their payments for us for as long as they can, which is where we – our management team are heavily focused on trying to improve their behavior, put it that way. But I'm not concerned about, I think typically the business has delivered really good, strong cash. But there's just a few of these things that Anthony that sort of – would mean that that number might slip up and improve above 100% or come back down depending on some of those things. And I mean, I think the key for me is to be really transparent with you guys. Perfect. And sorry, one last one for me. The CapEx guidance looked a little bit higher than what I was expecting, both from – so excluding acquisitions  through your (00:40:13) maintenance and non-growth or other growth acquisitions. I mean, can you perhaps let us understand, what that CapEx phasing  and profile (00:40:23) looks like going from here? Given the investments that you have made in the business over the past few years and what sort of the ex-acquisition sort of CapEx guide that you've got to manage the business to? Yeah, I think – again excluding M&A, because there's a big chunk, as you can see in the two that we've got there lined up. Maintenance CapEx, I think you'll see maintenance CapEx. I know, I have spoken about for a few years, but we will definitely sort of be in that 90% or there, maybe even lower range in FY 2025. I think that will probably be the case for the next couple of years. I think, guys are very focused on that and then then it's really growth CapEx and that number could be much higher, much lower. We get enormous amount of opportunities across our business. And I think, the focus is that we deploy that capital effectively. And now we've, as Paul mentioned, we've increased our return on capital hurdles. We have we've had that 12% hurdle sort of internally for a while, but we were brave enough now to go out and sort of share that with the market. So, yeah, it's hard to sort of, on that growth CapEx, we could dial that right down, if we needed to. But likewise  the guys (00:41:39) have all got long pipelines of opportunities, in front of them and we evaluate them one by one. No, that's great. Thanks for the color. I'll pass it on. Cheers. Thanks. The next question comes with Matt Ryan with Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Thank you. Hi, Mark. Hi, Paul. I had a question on grain trading and whether you can give us some, I guess color or better understanding about that business. I can see that it had about a 2% impact to your logistics margins. So, can you just talk about, I guess, the inherent volatility in that business? And then I guess how we think about margins in that context? Yeah, I mean, as I mentioned, we kicked that off in December, it's going to be proven to be very strategically beneficial for us. We're already seeing that probably better than expectations in the first quarter this year. The amount of grain that we've been able to, I guess buy ourselves and trade ourselves in the first quarter before the harvest starts and we've been able to  fill the (00:42:58) infrastructure up. So strategically, not just the trade itself, but how it actually feeds our infrastructure. We probably, we've got a bit of benefit out of that last year, but coming into this year, we can see and as I mentioned before, we don't know how strong this will be and  how far this is (00:43:17) really how, how effective this strategy is going to be. But we're pretty confident that we're going to get asset utilization over 12 months of the year, where some of the people don't get assets utilization over nine months. So, in regards to trading, we've got a trading mandate that has guardrails around how we trade and what we trade and what risk we take. Is there opportunity to make some profit on some trades this year? Potentially there is, but we've got to move up – we've got a good mandate and processes in place and we're now within that timeframe, we put together a pretty smart team. So, we're really confident what that brings to us this year. Thank you. And with your upgrade to your return hurdle to 12%, I'm just interested in your comment a second ago that you had that target internally for a while. Can you just talk about, I guess, what you're seeing out there? You seem to have been reasonably active with M&A, at least at the larger end over the last year or so compared to prior years. Are you sort of thinking that hurdle rate needs to be higher and if so, can you  (00:44:42) can you sort of dig into, I guess, the drivers of that, sort of why you've landed on a higher number? I think – we think we can achieve – the quality of our business, the size of the business, how we get synergy benefit going forward with putting acquisitions or better infrastructure and buying assets, quality assets into our business that allows us to get more synergy value. But saying that, we will buy businesses that may not achieve that rate, but we know in the long term they're a great asset. So, we're not going to away from that. So, it's been a bit of a balance for us, I mean  that we said (00:45:20) 15%, but then  we have probably (00:45:22) short-term thinking, so 12% become the number that we feel that we can continue to do what we do, invest for the long-term, but also deliver good earnings. Just to put more color on that, Matt, on slide 10, which includes the ROCE slide, we sort of talk about and Paul spoke about the AUD 700 million of CapEx, sorry of capital that's employed as at June. That's not really generating target earnings. In fact, some of them are losses, if you just exclude the two Moorebank terminals, 9.5% ROCE would be 10.5%. That's just taking that capital out. Once we get all that AUD 718 million working effectively  plus the (00:46:04) other parts of that business where the returns are not where they want to be  so what we want to be (00:46:08) so I think, that's where we're sort of gives us confidence that to move it to 12%. I mean we'll – but again as they invest – our investment committee and we look at things we might want to invest at something that's lower than that, but we know that, three, four, five years down the track, it's going to start to deliver returns well above, say 10% if we chose that one. So yeah, I think we're confident, we can get to 12%. And it's some, I think just focusing on those ones that we've already got that aren't contributing, will get us almost there anyway. Thanks. And just a really quick one to finish. The AUD 180 million to AUD 250 million range that you've given for asset sales. Does that include any part of the interstate terminal at Moorebank? It could. We've got a number of assets that we feel like, do we actually need to keep them? Is there a better owner of those assets? Is it a better use of our capital? And we're flagging that potentially, there potentially might be some divestment. We're not selling anything. We don't think that we will need in the long-term or if we do sell it, we can use it in other ways. Like I mentioned before, the interstate. So, to answer your question, yes, but it might not be the Interstate Terminal. Got it. Thank you. The next question comes with Andre Fromyhr with UBS. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning. Just firstly, on the proposed MIRRAT acquisition. Could you give us a bit of an update on your level of confidence or progress on achieving the required approvals, for example with the ACCC. And then whether or not you've got a strategic plan for that asset  that a (00:48:08) greater than just continuing the railroad services, are there options to use the space differently? Yeah, we're making we're making good progress. There is a, ACCC has given a date through for a decision being 20th of September. We're working towards that. We're confident that that they can be achieved with what we're doing in regards to getting the approval process and our undertaking, except we've already got an undertaking. We just, we need to overlay the AAT undertaking with MIRAAT. So, yeah, we're in a very good space, but we're always in the hands of the ACCC, from a timeframe point of view. In regards to the asset, that's an asset we know really well, it's an asset we can actually manage very well going forward. So, we like the asset, we've made that assessment and the opportunity to buy the asset. And most people are probably well aware that  (00:49:17) and what we've done with those assets, yeah, we're really excited to own that asset when we do. Okay. And there's a comment in your presentation about the potential for special dividends when circumstances justify it. Could you say more about what those circumstances are? And does it relate to your earlier comments around potential asset sale? Yeah. Look, I think there's always sort of an opportunity for that. But from our perspective, it would really need to be on the back of a sort major, sort of capital return, as was – for example the Moorebank warehouse precinct, that obviously with a huge return back and we wanted to give some back to shareholders. But in the absence of that, like the AUD 180 million to AUD 250 million, as I said earlier that that will help top up our liquidity. So and we're quite conservative on our liquidity. So, we'd like to sort of keep  that there ready (00:50:19) and we've – and as I also said earlier, we've got numerous investment opportunities in front of us. So I don't think, they should be holding out for special – anyone should be holding up special dividend in the absence of sort of a large sort of capital return, which is  (00:50:38) large asset to get a huge amount of money back in, which is not being contemplated at all. Sure. And just one last one. Following up on the commentary around the grain trading business. Mark, you made a comment around it contributing about AUD 140 million revenue and that's been predominantly second half weighted. So, should we think about a full year run rate of roughly double that? And I know there was a comment around sort of the volatility, sometimes profit, sometimes losses on the actual trading. But given the role that it plays in strategically underwriting some of the volumes through your terminals. Is that – like should we think of it as longer term breakeven or even loss making through the cycle? Yeah, look, I think you should longer term. I think it as, it's going to have a small contribution to the group. We don't – and that's net of paying for the investment of the people and resources required to run that part of the business. And also, it's working capital contribution to pay for its working capital that it's using. In terms of – it's key – the strategic reason is that it allows us to sort of feed our infrastructure in a really controlled manner, which helps to deliver profits in those parts of the business. From a trading perspective, per se, we've got very prudent position. We hedge – hedges aren't perfect, but grain is not a very volatile commodity. So we don't think that there's going to be – there's much in the way of downside risk for us in that regard. In terms of revenue numbers, given the outlook for the New South Wales crop, it's probably take our second half number, double it, but add a little bit more I'd say too, because we were only just ramping up, don't forget, during the course of the second half. So I think it's hard to hard to predict what it will be, and we think it's going to be materially higher than double. Right. But again, like I said in February and like what we did now, we will be again very transparent around what that business revenues and margins are and the impact because we do need to carve it out when you look at the group margins, because it will have the impact of maybe dampening them down as it does at face value with the numbers that we've got here. Sure, thanks. The next question comes with Cameron McDonald with E&P. Please go ahead. Good morning. So, couple of questions from me just in terms of the Patrick guidance. So you've said NPATA down 10% to 15%. How much of that is actually the higher interest costs versus the underlying normalization of volumes at the EBITDA level? It's mostly the that the latter, the volumes and the market share and that finance cost is just slightly going up. Perfect. Thank you. You've previously talked about New Zealand and wanting and Pinnacle and the opportunity to create a footprint in New Zealand that sort of represents more like what you do here in Australia. Can you give us an update on how you're thinking about New Zealand more broadly? Yeah. It hasn't changed. The team's obviously been bedding down Pinnacle, which is now called Qube Logistics New Zealand. We rebranded it. There's some opportunities to bolt-on organically and they're working through at the moment. So yeah, it's a step in the right direction. Is it going to be large in the next year or two years? No, it's just going to just be incremental. Okay. Thank you. And then just in terms of those asset sales, so are you suggesting that MITCo could be completely sold or just sold down to a more minority stake? And are you talking about selling any assets that are currently sort of strategically being held by rather than anything that's income producing? No. With MITCo, anything's on the table. The only assets we're looking to sell are assets that we don't probably need long-term strategically, because of things have changed since we owned them six or seven years ago, or they're assets that we don't really need to have anymore. And if there's a right buyer there at the right value, there's a number of number of assets that way. But I mean, we're just looking at our capital management at the moment and if there's an opportunity, do we sell anything? Maybe not, I don't know, but we think between two or three assets we're looking at the moment, probably one of them we will do this. And that's why we've given that guidance. So maybe asked that in another way. Have things changed in the last five or six years with some of these assets that the alternative use of these assets is actually worth more than what could potentially be used from an operational perspective? Potentially. We've developed another part of our business that we can consolidate into, so it's just a combination of things. Okay. And then sort of linking into that, I mean, Mark's also talked about the gearing going up to the midpoint of the guidance range. How much pressure do you have to sort of bring that back down before you need to – or have got the capability to do something larger in terms of the CapEx? Yeah. There's no real pressure. I mean, we're well within our covenants. And so we've got plenty of headroom there. Look, I think we will peak probably at December in terms of the gearing and then see it tick down a bit by June of next year. And that's on the assumption there's no more big M&A and just with the sort of the capital that we've guided to, but yeah, there's no real pressure in that regard. So, we will continue to look at opportunities. The bigger ones like Colemans and/or MIRRAT, they don't come along that often. Okay. Thank you. And the next question comes with Scott Ryall with Rimor Equity Research. Please go ahead. Hi. Thank you very much. I was wondering if I could ask a slightly different question on Patrick. The primary union down there is part of the  (00:57:59), which is  (00:58:00) into administration, can be as early as the end of next week. What does that mean for Patrick, please? I don't think it means anything, to be honest. The  (00:58:15) has a separate branch; that's not going into administration. Oh, it's not? No. Not the maritime branch of it, in the construction. Yeah. Okay. Is there the potential that maybe there's some sort of change in, I guess, behavioral aspects from the union, do you think, or is that unlikely? I like to say potentially, but I'm not too sure. Okay. All right. I'll leave it there. Yeah. You also released today your sustainability report. I was just wondering, you've been trialing a range of different technologies to decarbonize your broader fleet. I was wondering, if you could just give us an update as to what you're finding is working, what's not working so well, just in terms of thinking about the next few years of a change in use of technology? Yeah. I think the roadmap on our Scope 2 is pretty, pretty clear in regards to having green energy to operate our facilities in the mid-term. Technology around light vehicles and EVs around that, there's a good roadmap there. And we started to replace our equipment that way. Large heavy haulage equipment is still difficult. We're looking to find the real solution there. We have been trialing a number of different technologies and with different OEMs, and I think our position at the moment will continue to do that. We haven't got the game changer yet, but we're trying as much as we can and keeping it commercial as I'm talking. Yeah. Okay. And then the last question is just on Colemans and you've answered a couple of questions on this, but I was just wondering how – given the nature of the activity with highly sensitive freight movement, can you just explain to me how that actually has synergy with the broader network in Western Australia, please? I guess, the business might make the perfect financial sense, on a standalone basis and you've highlighted the assets you're buying and the price you're paying and all of that. So I'm not questioning that side of it. I'm just wondering, you made a few comments on how it fits with your network and I'm just a bit confused on that, just given what it does. Yeah. So, in all the locations we've already got locations. We're already – we've got management teams. So there's a real alignment in that bulk space around synergies. With the Kalari acquisition, we were – before Kalari, we were more about the outbound logistics, getting mining commodities from the pit to the port. This complements our sort of inbound service supplies – service abilities and bit like Kalari, so. And given the quality of the asset, the uniqueness of it, it fits in. So, we can store and deliver SSAN product going forward  (01:02:04) – yeah. Can use the same trucks to go into a mine site as you used to take commodities from pit to port? No, no. Okay. Not, with this type of product. Yeah. That's what I thought, okay. All right. Perfect. Yeah. You won't get the synergy in regards the haulage part, but there is a range of synergies around location, what we offer to customers. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you. That's all I had. Cheers. The next question comes with Owen Birrell with RBC. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning, guys. Just I guess the first question for me, just on the logistics business. I wonder if you can provide a bit of color around what happened in the first half with respect to your margins. I look at EBITDA margins and they're running at around about sort of just a little bit over 21% last year. First half, they jumped by about 200 basis points. And then the second half they've come back down just below 21% again. And I just wondered what caused that jump in that EBITDA margin in the first half? Yes. So on first half, even though we had a very poor, I guess, outcome from the agri with the volumes being down there, we had a very strong performance in the other parts of the business and particularly automotive. And that's quite a high margin business as well. So it's sort of – it's really just the balance of those things. And so what you're saying is, in the second half, has automotive come backwards or...? Yeah. It's come back a little bit in the first half for sure. Yes. And I guess, what I'm asking is, should we take second half as being kind of more normalized levels of, I guess, portfolio margin? No, I'd probably take the blended for full year. You got a whole different scenario with agri in that space being much better than last year. Yeah. So I wouldn't take that approach. Yeah. We'd need to. Okay. Yeah. Grain trading in the second half to Paul Lewis just chipped in and he is correct that if you take off AUD 140 million of revenue. I've already adjusted for that. Oh, you've already done with that.   (01:04:27). Yeah. Okay. Got you. Got you. And just second question for me, the increased target to 12% over the medium term. Acknowledging the comments that you said there, that the operating ROCE is around sort of kind of 11% to 11.3% and the group ROCE to around 10.5%. Just wondering, in terms of what you see as the key drivers to improve that ROCE. Is it really just about increasing utilization of underperforming assets or is it more about cost out? Just trying to get a sense of how you're going to drive that ROCE up that extra 200 basis points? Yeah. Really it's a whole – we've got a whole toolkit really. It's improving earnings which could be through from cost management. High utilization is always good. Price management is another one of those. Extracting underperforming assets out as well and needed; those types of things. So it's not one focus. I think there is such strong focus within the group around return on capital at all levels that management team at the operating management line are always focused on how they can do more with what they've got, and improve their productivity, et cetera. And then obviously, as I said, we've got pricing opportunities, cost out opportunities, et cetera, et cetera. So all of those things will hopefully work towards getting us above that target. Just that increase in that target, how much of a trigger has that been for the comments around selling assets? Are these predominantly going to be underperforming assets that you just don't think you can turn around? Not necessarily. No, no, no. Okay. That's great. Thanks, guys. The next question comes with Robbie Koh with MS. Please go ahead. Good morning. Thank you, and congrats, on the result. Just a couple of quick questions. Just for your asset sales; and I hear what you're saying about assets you don't strategically need. Included in those things under consideration, is there any like real estate that you'd sale and then leaseback? Potentially, but not yet. Potentially, maybe not leaseback. Yeah. I think it's not financial engineering. That's not trying to just book a profit or whatever it is about  (01:07:18). We just don't need any more. We can consolidate or similar to what we did with the  (01:07:23). This is a better owner and there's a value to it that we think we want to take it at this point in time, we will consider it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I hear that is the primary driver. I just wanted to double check on the other businesses, so that's clear. All right. I guess, my next question relates to the grain business that you set up and thank you for all of the granularity of detail there. How should we think about how the business would go in like a really tough drought year, like I don't know 2019, 2018? Is that where utilization even in those years goes down or there're may be other crops that you can use the infrastructure for? May be some assets we can't utilize again. That's a reality. The grain trading arm is one of the reasons we've done that is really to help us out in medium to low seasons where can be able to trade or pick up grain with the grains available to move through assets. So, the volumes aren't as low as probably been waiting on customers to use our assets. That gives us some leverage during those tougher periods. So that's part of that strategy as well. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. All right. And then just last question for me is on the long-term incentive plan, I guess, from FY 2024 where you've got amongst other metrics, you've got an EPS CAGR range and you're off to a very good start there, so hoping for the best. Just wondering if you could give us any color on where the adjustments would be made for acquisition. Is there like a threshold size or does MIRRAT fall within the existing target or is there you could give us any color on that, please? Good question. I think it'd be a matter for the board at the time, but to answer that, Mark, there's no adjustment from MIRRAT. I think the intention is more just that under the plan you wouldn't want to be a different entity for doing a significant acquisition like using it purely as an example. If Patrick, for example, happened in the last year and by doing that right thing strategically makes a lot of sense to me. You wouldn't hit a hurdle that you otherwise would, and that would be a consideration. Outcome in the board would need to be comfortable with the right balance between shareholder value creation and being fair, but there's no hard and fast rule for the board and having regard to a relevant consideration. Okay, great. Yeah. Thanks a lot. That makes a lot of sense. All right. Thanks. That's all for me. Thanks, Rob. Not at all. The next question comes with  Andrew Hodge with ACC (01:10:22). Please go ahead. Thanks, guys. I've got three questions. First is for the asset sales. I think you made a comment before about saying six, seven years ago, from memory the only two you've made in that period would have been Moorebank as well as MCS. And so I'm just trying to figure out like whether or not you're – if we're looking at Moorebank as well, and the comment saying it's not something you can't turn around, can you give a little bit more explanation for why you'd want to sell something which you still think you could turn around? No. The Moorebank Interstate Terminal was always secondary to the IMEX in our strategy and it was an obligation that was basically put on us by the Federal government to build. Our view at the moment, we may hold it, we may stay at 65%, but given the open access regime and given the – and we've always said it won't make – the earnings might be as great as the IMEX going forward. The jewel in the crown is IMEX. So, to make that work and if there's other players that want to have an equity stake in it and potentially bring volume, we're listening to all, that's basically what's happening. And I think the other point about, just with the joint venture is unlike say, IMEX, we don't control it. It's joint venture partners. So what we've typically done in other thoughts are we can take an asset and optimize it. There's much less ability to do that because there are other stakeholders and therefore the approval process is not about Qube. It's about the joint venture. So it's much more a standalone asset, which is policy of operation wise. We can use it to run trade and people want to, but strategically in terms of what we normally do and where we maximize value, much more limited. Yeah. Second question is coming to the FY 2025 price, how much of that is based on MIRRAT and Colemans? Well, we haven't guided to that, but it's a contribution for sure. I mean, I wouldn't – I don't have it off the top of my head. So I couldn't tell if it's 25% or 30%, and I probably wouldn't if I did not. But they're going to contribute without a doubt. Not a huge amount at NPAT because of there will be funding costs as well, but they'll be part of our growth for sure.   (01:12:52) I said I'm just covering some of the  (01:12:57) with MIRRAT, that's all. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Well we're sort of – obviously MIRRAT in particular because it hasn't completed, within our guidance we've got it pegged in the first half. And if that sort of is delayed for whatever reason, that will have a potentially small impact. Okay. But, Qube being Qube what goes up somewhere, goes down somewhere else and we always get where we need to get to. And last question is on the common transfer business. I mean, the brothers are trying to sell this business about a decade ago and couldn't get it done. And I'm just curious, like why now? Like, did you guys look at it then when they tried to sell it? And what gives you comfort now given its, I guess, leverage to mining that you guys can do it better? I think, they're 10 years older, and they're willing to sell being 10 years older. At retirement age that's probably why the transaction occurred actually. Yeah. And part of our due diligence, we've obviously done a really close assessment around all of the customers and where that product ends up, et cetera. And obviously we're very cognizant of lithium and nickel prices and what's happening in that space. So, we're pretty confident that this business is not going to be impacted by that. Okay. Awesome. Thanks guys.   The next question with Ian Munro with Ord Minnett. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just with respect to the outlook slide with resources, I noticed some green and some amber on that outlook slide. I'm just conscious of and keen understand how your key resource customers are indicating forward volumes and perhaps whether you have any customer, I guess, contracts up for renewal over the next couple of years. And how are you generally thinking about that exposure into the mining cycle at this point in time? Thank you. Yeah. I think it's not – given, it's the same sort of half and a half growth is no different to what it was last year. We'll continue to grow as we do. We'll grow modestly in that space. We've got some challenges with some customers. We had some challenges last year and that's some someone's going to care and we manage through that and transition around that. We've got some contractual protections working through with one of the customers at the moment, but overall we see growth and we've taken that into our guidance. There is some challenges that's factored into our forecast. Thanks, Paul. I think we're going to have to actually wrap up. I think that's the last question. That's the last question? Yeah. I think. Moderator? There are no further questions at this time. And I'll now hand back to Mr. Digney for closing remarks. Thank you for everyone on the call, and I'll see some of you guys soon. Thank you. Bye for now. Cheers. That does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            