
            Management Discussion: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ferrari 2025 Q1 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there'll be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Nicoletta Russo, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. Thank you, Sharon, and welcome to everyone who is joining us. Today, we plan to cover the group's first quarter 2025 operating results. And the duration of the call is expected to be around 60 minutes. Today's call will be hosted by the Group CEO, Mr. Benedetto Vigna; and the Group CFO, Mr. Antonio Picca Piccon. All relevant materials are available in the Investors section of the Ferrari corporate website. And at the end of the presentation, we will be available to answer your questions. Before we begin, let me remind you that any forward-looking statements we might make during today's call are subject to the risks and uncertainties mentioned in the Safe Harbor statement included on page 2 of today's presentation, and the call will be governed by this language. With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to Benedetto. Grazie, Nicoletta. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. While the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain with ongoing geopolitical tensions and market volatility, we, at Ferrari, have a clear view of our priorities. And we are continuing to execute our business plan with discipline, focus and four wheels on the ground. The solidity of our business model, along with the relentless drive of all our partners and employees and the continuous trust of our client, enable us to navigate the current context. We look ahead with confidence, being vigilant of the situation that surrounds us as we have always been in the last years. In this period, we have kicked off this year with good progress on several fronts. Our product offering continues to evolve. Our new paint shop is proceeding according to plans. We won the much anticipated podiums in the Word Endurance Championship in Qatar and in Italy. And we launched our new lifestyle collectibles. Most importantly, we have delivered a strong set of financial results. So, let's start from here. Q1 2025 saw double-digit growth on all key metrics, led by product mix and the continued solid trend in personalizations. A few key numbers to highlight. One, total revenues reached approximately €1.8 billion, with very few incremental deliveries year over year. This confirms, once again, our strategy of quality of revenues over quantity. Two, we enjoy the strong profitability with EBITDA close to €700 million. Three, industrial free cash flow generation reached more than €600 million in the quarter. In Q1, we have also witnessed a continued strong brand momentum, indeed the order book on current models has evolved as expected and covers the whole 2026 with 12Cilindri Coupe and Spider guiding the order intake. This leads me on to the very positive reception that we have witnessed for our recently unveiled two special versions, the Coupe and the Spider of the 296 GTB and 296 GTS. These new Ferraris are based on the current berlinetta in our range, the 296 GTB and 296 GTS. However, they mark further progress in both performance and features. With added engine, delivering a total of 880 horsepower, these cars offer an unprecedented driving experience. But it's not just the sheer power that makes them special. They are also distinguished by meticulous attention to detail, technology – and technological innovation and refined design. And this is characteristic of our sports cars. They embody solutions derived from our racing cars, the 499P, the 296 GT3, the 296 Challenge and the Formula 1. These two new – newly born are the latest expressions of our hybrid offerings, and they have been enthusiastically greeted by our clients. One important client of ours paid the deposit to his dealer right after the presentation of last Tuesday. And another one told me, this is truly a brand new car, not just a special edition. It is beautiful. It is very elegant and highly performing and I love the gear change experience. The new physical commands, moreover, on the steering wheel are incredibly interactive. Now it is much more comfortable to drive. As you can see, we are progressing in our product development plan, enriching our offering with exciting new models that allow us to tap into different client needs and desires. At the launch of the 296 Speciale, Coupe and Spider represents just the first of many milestones to look forward to this year. Among this, as we have told you in February, there will be the unveiling of the much anticipated Ferrari elettrica. It will be carried out in a unique, innovative way that befits a unique and innovative Ferrari. What does it mean? It means that this is a massive piece of technology, design and unique features. It will be an exciting journey of discovery. It is the first of its kind, yet reached in every aspect that makes a true Ferrari. For these reasons, we want it to be fully appreciated in every single detail. And there is no better way to do this than by revealing it step by step. Three will be the unveiling steps. The first one starting in October, in our Capital Market Day (sic) [Capital Markets Day] (00:06:32), we will show you the technological [ph] hub (00:06:35) of the Ferrari elettrica. And then in early 2026, we will give you a glimpse into the look and feel of the interior design concept. And a few months later, in spring, next year, the journey will culminate with world premieres, where we will reveal this harmonious brand of technology and design. As planned, deliveries of the Ferrari elettrica will commence just months after that in October 2026. Moving on from road to track, let me congratulate the entire team for the historic one-two-three in Qatar at the opening round of the 2025 FIA World Endurance Championship and the following victory at the 6 hours of Imola, more than half a century after our latest win in Italy. We couldn't have started the racing here in a better way. I was in Imola and I can guarantee you that sharing those unique emotions with a lot of passionate peoples in Ferrari is an unforgettable experience. In Formula 1, the team is more focused than ever on fighting for victories and podium places. The beginning has not been easy. We all know that. On the other side, we are all fueled by deeply rooted grit and relentless determination to continue to progress. But racing is not the only means we have of channeling the world's passion for Ferrari. Here, I refer to our lifestyle strategy, which has made significant progress in recent years. In early April, during the world renowned Milan Design Week, we presented our new collection of exclusive Ferrari collectibles. Blending timeless Ferrari design, with exquisite craftsmanship, these are not mere objects. In fact, each model allows our community of enthusiasts to own and treasure a symbol of the prancing horse's history. And speaking of community, we have maintained our focus on giving back to our local area with Enzo Ferrari Memorial Half Marathon of Italy on 30 of March. We shared this special moment at our home in Maranello with over 10,000 runners from all over Italy and several countries across the globe, which reinforces our community ties and underline the importance of sports and health. Through the proceeds from registration and partner contributions, the event will leave a tangible legacy in our region, enabling the creation of a new multi-sports field in the Maranello Sports Park by early 2026. Last but not least, I would like to share another remarkable achievement we view. Our e-building, the one that we inaugurated last year, has been awarded the prestigious LEED, L-E-E-D, Platinum Certificate, a globally recognized sustainability rating system. And now, I hand over to Antonio to review the Q1 2025 results in detail. Grazie, Benedetto, and good morning or afternoon to everyone joining us today. Starting on page 5, we show the highlights of the first quarter, which represents another strong start to the year. Please bear in mind that Q1 2025 results were not impacted in any way by the recent introduction of higher tariffs on EU cars imported in the US. Revenues and profitability grew double digit, with shipments slightly higher than the previous year and product mix and personalizations as the main drivers of growth. Percentage margins were particularly strong in the quarter, thanks to the solid business performance, lower D&A in line with model lifecycle, partially offset by higher racing expenses and brand investments. Net profit reached €412 million and corresponded to a diluted EPS of €2.3, up 17.9% versus the prior year. Such an improvement also encompass increased financial charges and the higher tax rate now projected at 22% in light of the benefits from new Patent Box regime only. Industrial free cash flow generation was very strong and above €600 million. And I will highlight the main drivers later on. On page 6, we deep dive into our Q1 deliveries, which increased by 33 units. This increase was driven by the Ferrari Roma Spider, the 296 GTS, the SF90 XX family and the Purosangue. In the quarter, the 12Cilindri continued its ramp-up phase and the first deliveries of the 12Cilindri Spider commenced. In line with model lifecycles, deliveries of the 296 GTB decreased as well as the one for the Daytona SP3 in line with plans. The SF90 Spider approached the end of its lifecycle, while the 812 Competizione A phased out. As customary, the geographical breakdown reflects the different product cycles as well as the company's deliberate allocation strategy. As a result, EMEA and Americas were up versus the prior year, representing three-quarter of our total shipments. Rest of APAC was almost flat at 18%. And Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan reduced their share to 7%. On page 7, the net revenue bridge shows a remarkable double-digit growth, up 12.2% versus the prior year, at constant currency. The increase in cars and spare parts was driven by the richer product and country mix as well as higher personalizations. Personalizations accounted for more than 19% of total revenues from cars and spare parts. Just a couple of decimals higher than last year  exchange (00:13:07) rate, mainly supported by the Daytona SP3 full carbon and SF90 XX family. Sponsorship, commercial and brand increased, thanks to new sponsorships, among which the HP title partnership of Scuderia Ferrari, which was signed in May 2024, and therefore provides the quarter with an easy comp, and lifestyle activities as well as higher commercial revenues linked to the better prior-year Formula 1 ranking. Currency, net of hedges in place has a positive net impact in the quarter. Moving to page 8, the change in adjusted EBIT is explained by the following variances. Mix/price strongly positive. Thanks to the enriched product mix, sustained by the delivery of SF90 XX family, 12Cilindri and the seven units of the 499P Modificata, the increased contribution from personalizations and a positive country mix supported by the Americas. Let me remind here that throughout the year, the enrichment of the product mix will be less reliant than a Daytona SP3 and rather sustained by special series and range models, along with few initial deliveries of the F80 in Q4. The remaining variances were due to substantially flat industrial and R&D expenses, largely driven by higher racing and innovation activities, but lower D&A in line with model lifecycles; higher SG&A, reflecting racing expenses and brand investments as well as our continued organizational development. And finally, other was positive, mainly thanks to new sponsorship, partially offset by the comparison with the prior year's release of car environmental provision in the US. Lastly, we had a positive net impact from currency. Percentage margins strengthened in the quarter with EBITDA margin at 38.7% and EBIT margin above 30%, also benefiting from the lower D&A. Turning to page 9, our industrial free cash flow generation for the quarter was strong at €620 million and reflected the increase in profitability and a positive change in working capital, provision and other, mainly supported by the initial collection of the F80 advances and certain non-recurrent cash proceeds related to the signing of the new Concorde Agreement, partially offset by capital expenditures. Net industrial debt was €49 million at the end of March, reflecting the share repurchase program executed in the quarter. As a housekeeping note, please bear in mind that in the second quarter, we are required to pay our income taxes and the net financial position we are reflecting dividend distribution of approximately €530 million and the 2025 Eurobond repayments for roughly  €450 million (00:16:14), both falling due during this month of May. Moving to page 10, we confirm the 2025 guidance with the 50 basis points reduction risk on EBIT and EBITDA margins flagged as of March end when we updated our commercial policy for the US market following the introduction of higher import tariff on EU car. Clearly, we remain vigilant on the global business environment and we are mindful of the many changes occurred in the last few weeks. Beside the US tariffs that we have addressed with the update of our commercial policy, I refer to the swift change in the foreign exchange rates, mainly the US dollar, which we continue to tackle through our hedging policy that provide us with a partial support over the rest of the year; the potential effect of the overall macroeconomic uncertainty and financial market volatility that we keep on monitoring, thanks to the visibility we enjoy. Looking more closely at the development of the year, we continue to project a positive product mix and support from racing revenues and lifestyle activities along with continuous brand investments and higher racing expenses. Given the above, the first half of 2025 is expected to be stronger than the second, in line with the development of the mix and the seasonality of the SG&A, racing expenses as well as D&A. To conclude, today's strong results represent further progress in the execution of our business plan and in our growth path. Despite the surge of the uncertainty and volatility, our  indistinctive (00:17:56) business model provides us with solid confidence and the necessary agility for our future. Thanks for your attention and I turn the call over to Nicoletta. Thank you, Antonio. Sharon, we are now ready to open the Q&A session. Thank you. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  We will now go to our first question. One moment, please. And your first question comes from the line of Susy Tibaldi from UBS. Please go ahead. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First one, you mentioned about being vigilant in the situation. Can you talk a bit about the differences in trends you're seeing between new customers to Ferrari, existing customers and your top collectors? Given the very mixed macro picture, are you seeing differences? Of course, your customer is much more resilient than the average customer, but I'm sure there is also some nuances that maybe you can share. And then secondly, on the 296 Speciale, when you say it's limited in time, is it fair to think maybe two, three years? And in terms of volumes without – obviously you don't provide volumes, but should we think similar to the 488 Pista? Okay. Ciao, Susy. Thanks for the question. So, second one, it will be limited in time. Yes. It is a special version, like all special version, is limited in time. It's – you got it well, it's similar to the 488 Pista. Okay. So, this is question number two. Question number one, as I said and also Antonio said, that we are very vigilant on the situation because as of end of Q1, with all the data that we got from all the dealership, we don't see any impact on our order book and on the cancellation trend. So, we are – let's say the situation is well under control, but we want to be vigilant because we want to see what's happening. We don't see any difference in trends between new client collector and let me say, new clients and repeaters. We don't see any difference. We have been digging in different specific places in the world to see – in search of this difference. But we did not see. I think that we should – when we talk about Ferrari, we should not talk about clients. We should talk about single clients, each one has its own specificity, so it's always difficult to find a pattern. We look for that because we have a lot of nice tool now of data analysis, but we don't see any specific pattern. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Henning Cosman from Barclays. Please go ahead. Yes. Thank you so much. Good afternoon, everybody. Could I just ask about seasonality between Q1 and Q2 within the H1? Just conscious that over the last couple of years, Q1 have been quite a bit weaker than Q2 and I'm wondering if that could be similar again or if we're expecting more stable? That's probably one for Antonio. And perhaps one for Benedetto on the US. Do you have any elevated inventories at all in the US from potentially pre-shipping ahead of the tariffs? And do you envisage any impact on the volume cadence at all going forward in the course of the year, into next year? Q1 was obviously pretty strong in the US. Do you expect anything at all there in terms of phasing? Have you seen anything at all in terms of order cancellations at all in context of the tariffs? And if I can squeeze a third one very quickly, if you could just confirm how many Daytonas you shipped in Q1 and how many you have left for Q2 and Q3? Thank you so much. Thank you, Henning. I'll take the second one and the first one, Antonio, will elaborate. So, we don't see – we have all the data with dealer by dealer obviously from all over the world and with specific focus on the US. We don't see any specific trend. Actually, we don't see any impact on the tariff. But despite this, as we said, we will remain vigilant because it's a – we need to be careful to catch if there is any small signal picking up. I can tell you also that last week, I mean, I was in Florida in that specific case. Okay. And the market is very strong, has been always very strong and is – continues to be very strong with a strong demand across all our models. So, I think that as soon as we have some difference, for sure, we'll make you aware. But we don't see any impact, also because I think that at least from what we hear from several clients, new and repeater, that they appreciated our – two things of our new commercial policy over there. Number one, that we've been clarifying right away what we intend to do; and two, that we contribute, okay? We contribute to this price increase. We don't do – we don't ask them to pay all the bill. But we were very clear telling that some models will have no price increase, some others up to – the remaining up to a maximum 10%. So, they appreciated a lot. The way we behave, the way we put them at the center of what we do, and also the timely communication on the new terms. Talking about Q1 and Q2, the cadence, Antonio? Yeah. Directionally please take Q2 lighter than Q1. And this is also in line with the fact that during – in Q1, we delivered less than 80 Daytona, so lower than last year, but not that far away, while in Q2 and Q3, Daytona will go down and will be zero in Q4. Thank you. We will now go to the next question. And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Reitman from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Yes, good afternoon. You made the comment that the order book you think led by the 12Cilindri. Could you comment on the personalization trend you're seeing right across the board, but also specifically on that vehicle and also the Purosangue, particularly with 12Cilindri, where you're having a quite elevated price against the 812 Superfast that it succeeded. And secondly, looking at the bridge on – the EBIT bridge, and you specifically pointed out the other line, that there was the – that the €18 million reflected the sponsorship, the HP offset by some other factors. Does that give us sort of like a reasonable idea of the run rate of the HP sponsorship deal, which suggests that in the region of about €100 million or so? Thank you, Stephen. I'll take the first one and the second one, Antonio. So, what we see the personalization of the 12 cylinder, both the 12Cilindri and the Purosangue is in line with what we have seen before. So, we see a strong traction on the three main factor that are driving our personalization. It means some functional components. And then on the painting and on the carbon finish. I think these are the three trends we see on these cars as we have seen also in the past. I can tell you that the car, I mean, the client are looking more and more at personalization. And we are preparing ourselves to be able to offer them more and more personalized offer. So, this is for the personalization – the second --  the first question. The second one? Yeah. With respect – hi, Stephen. With respect to the EBIT bridge, the €18 million comes basically from the net of the positive that is related to the sponsorships in Scuderia. And on that portion, obviously, the fact that we have the HP sponsorship and the IBM sponsorship coming in represent the bulk of it together with the increase in the positive from the commercial revenues related to the F1. And as a negative – sorry. And there is another point, which is the easy comp with last year when we had CO2 penalties released less than €10 million. On the negative side, in terms of comparison, there is a sort of seasonal effect in comparison with the expenditure of last year on WEC. So, on the racing not related to Formula 1. Does it help? Thank you. Yes, thank you. I'm sorry, and going forward, in general, it is difficult to project overall but I do not expect it to be a big contributor. The positive one should be related to sponsorship. Then we had some positive last year that should help in terms of adding in Q2 and will slowly fade away during the rest of the quarter. Yeah, Stephen, in the latter to further clarify, as a reminder, we signed HP last year in April. So, clearly after that time it's not an easy comp, so is not  (00:28:03). Yeah. You cannot do it. Sorry, I didn't get this question – this part of the question. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti from Evercore. Please go ahead. Hey, guys. Congrats on a great quarter. Thank you. Could you clarify the exact – could you just clarify the exact number of Daytonas that you had in the quarter? I know you said it's below 80. But then if I just – I guess, Antonio, if we back out the first quarter results from the year, it looks like – if I look at the rest of the year, there's a scenario where EBITDA margins could be anywhere from down 10 or 15 basis points to up 50 basis points. I'm just curious, what are the inputs to the scenario that could lead to EBITDA margin being negative in the rest of the year? And then, Benedetto, on the EV launch, as you think about it, you described it as a masterpiece of technology. Ferrari has always been – buying Ferrari has always been a relationship with a timeless car. And I'm curious, as you think about the EV and the focus on technology and how technology ages differently than luxury cars, how do you protect the timelessness element of a Ferrari? And you think about what drives residual values of these cars over time as you move into cars with a bigger technology component? Thank you. Thank you, Michael. I think the first one will – Antonio will elaborate. I'll take the second one about elettrica. I would like that you agree with what you said, but one thing that it's not a focus on technology. We focus on the emotion we deliver to our clients. So, when we inaugurated the e-building one year ago, we said – and when we also represented the F80, the supercar, we made it clear that all the strategic components of electrified car, hybrids and in the future electric will be done in-house in a way that we can guarantee what you are telling that is this timeless feature of our car. I think this is important, and that's the reason why also we did this investment, because we want to have the flexibility and the ability to maintain and to offer our clients the technologies that are needed for the future. When it comes to the investor, the battery, the axle, all these things that are distinguishing features of the electric car. And then consider also that our elettrica, our Ferrari elettrica will not be – it's much more than digital and electric and you will see  (00:31:00). So, this is the part – the first – the second part. Yeah. ...and then Antonio is about the number of Daytona... On the precise number of Daytona, they were 77. And with respect to the EBITDA margin down during the course of the year, we projected on the basis that the mix will be lower. And this is – goes hand in hand with the reduction of the number of Daytonas and the development of the mix of the rest of the range and the increasing expenditure, particularly SG&A and R&D and partly related to the development of our racing activities. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate all the detail. You're welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America. Please go ahead. This is actually John Babcock on for John Murphy. Just first of all, I wanted to touch on the tariffs. I know you cited about a 50-basis-point EBITDA-EBIT margin risk from that. Could you just provide some clarity? I mean, it seems like you're maintaining guidance, but you're highlighting the risk. So, should we think about that as the maximum potential impact here? Or do you expect to offset it? Any additional clarity you might be able to provide on that front would be useful? Hi, John. Maybe I answer this one first. Yeah, it's a risk, we feel, I mean, there may be opportunities to offset it. That's why we described it as a risk. However, it depends on a number of moving parts as of now. So, I think the outcome is the one that we have applied. And then just another question and this is a quick one. If you could just talk about the consumer reception so far for the 12Cilindri, that would be useful. And then also, are you finding demand is consistent across the geographies for that product? The reception of this car has been very good across all the geographies. Clearly, in some geographies, there is more appeal because of the tax impact is lower. For example, the 12Cilindri impact – let's say traction in countries like China is lower because the tax rate is higher. But so far, I mean, we see a good traction with let's say – in different countries, say, it goes from Scandinavia to US to Latin America to Italy,  south of (00:33:42) Europe. So it's very good traction.   Great (00:33:48). Thank you. That's all I have. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Monica Bosio from Intesa Sanpaolo. Please go ahead. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. I have, I think, three. The first one is on the initial collection from the F80. Should we expect further impacts across the year? And if yes, Antonio, can you help us model the impact? Because I'm just wondering what's the weight of the collection on the working capital in the first quarter. The second question is on the residual values. You announced pricing actions in USA. How do you see, if any, this could impact on the residual values in USA? Any comments on this would be useful. And the very last, maybe it's a stupid question, but it's on personalization. So, you are implementing pricing actions on the final price, on the value of the imported car, and what about personalization? Maybe I missed something. Are you going to modify also the pricing for personalization for those cars that would be delivered  in USA (00:35:11)? Monica, this... Yeah. ...this will be Antonio taking care of all the three questions here. Initial collection on F80, I think it has been important in Q1. We do not expect the same impact over the rest of the quarter also because there are deposits that's been anticipated in the previous year that will fade away. So, another positive but not of the same size is expected around Q4. So, the portion of working capital, this is related to one that's got a big bulk in Q1 and then there will be a lower one in Q4. Residual values pricing action in the US, in principle, it could drive residuals up, we'll see where, that's the potential expectation. About personalization, last year we intervened already on personalizations in terms of price increase. We haven't taken – when we talk about the overall price increases, we refer to the price increases of the car. Okay. Overall. Thank you. Welcome. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Besson from Kepler Cheuvreux. Please go ahead. Thank you very much. It's Tom Besson from Kepler Cheuvreux. I'd like to come back to some of Stephen's question on the non-car revenues. Historically, I think you were suggesting they were dilutive to profitability, but it feels like they might become even  relative (00:36:49) to profitability. Could you comment on that concept for Q1 and for the rest of the year? The first question. The second, I understand what you say about the timeline of deposits, Q1, Q4, but you reiterated half of the guide for free cash flow. So, should we think that your guidance for the full year conservative or an important part of the  €320 million (00:37:16) was effectively working cap? And lastly, just a housekeeping question. Could you confirm the tax rate for the year and broadly speaking, the direction for CapEx for the year? Thank you very much. Antonio? Yeah. The third question, the tax rate, as I said before, approximately 22%. And this is because, this year, we enjoy the benefit only on the new Patent Box regime. Last year, just to remind you, we had the overlap of the new and the previous one that brought the tax rate down. Industrial free cash flow, given the Q1 generation, the guidance conservative, we are never conservative. So, well, in principle, there could – there might be chances in the direction. But as I said, there are still several moving parts. Non-car revenues impact  (00:38:12) for Q1 and the rest of the year. In terms of development of the sponsorship, I think all of the agreement that we – the relevant agreement is – are in place already now. So, I do not expect this to change in dimensionally significantly over the course of the year. Obviously, the comparison with last year may be a bit more uneven, but the run rate is the one that we expect similarly for lifestyle. CapEx guidance between the €900 million and €950 million, that's probably the best guidance I can give you as of now. Thank you. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Tom Narayan from RBC. Please go ahead. Hi. Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. Tom Narayan, RBC. The first one I have is, at the 2022 Investor Day, you guys shared a target of powertrain split of 40/40/20 with 40% being full electric of models by 2030. I know you guys may update this on October 9, but given the first Ferrari electric is only going to start deliveries in October 2026, is there enough time to get to 40% of models being full electric just three years later? And then the next question, we've had some time now with Purosangue sales. Just curious if we have data now that suggests residual values are holding up. And also, any demographic information who's buying the Purosangues more? Is it different than the regular Ferrari customer or female versus male, daily users versus collectors, et cetera? Thank you. Okay. So, thank you. Thank you, Tom. First one, the 40/40/20. Remember that during the Capital Market Day (sic) [Capital Markets Day] (00:40:21), when we provide the split of the PU, the powertrain, we always talk about our offers, not the split of sales. You remember? Because when we talk at that time, our roadmap to offer any kind of traction to the client, we said we want to leave the freedom of choice in the end of the client. So, that split was a split of the model we were offering. In terms of update, if any, I am afraid that you have to wait, let me say, in October this year, where we will provide you and all the colleague a fully – a full update. The second one is about the residual values and the demographics of Purosangue. Well, the demographics of Purosangue clients, I think it's not – let's say we have a new client. Yes, we have in the range of... 10%. ...10% of new client, this was what we planned.  (00:41:23), I think we could have been pushing more 15%, 20%. This is a lesson learned for us for the future. But coming mostly in terms of male and female, what we see is that a lot of times is the you have the name of the repeater buying the car and the partner, female that is driving the car. And then also, it's true that with this car usually people do a little bit more kilometers than others. In terms of residual values, I think that there is a lot of traction for these cars. We are collecting order also for end of 2027, delivery 2028. And there are some areas, for example, where these cars has turned within one week, the pre-owned and there is an increase on the sticker price. So, I think that today there are – this year is important because we have some model like Purosangue entering 2027, 2028 and some other models – 2026, 2027, 2028, some other models that are ending in 2026. Got it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Martino De Ambroggi from Equita. Please go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. Good evening, good morning, everybody. Changing the subject, my first question is on Greater China, because deliveries are decreasing since second quarter of 2023 quarter after quarter. So, what is the right or the ideal size that you see for this region going ahead? And the second is on the warranty program for hybrid customers. How it's progressing the choice of customers to get your warranty program? And the last one, I clearly understand you will probably not provide any answer, but am I right in assuming that the increase in net prices that you announced in the US could worth roughly €100 million on a consolidated basis? Thank you. Well, I think the second one – second – because the second – the last one Antonio will take care of it. I think that – I'll take the first two. The hybrid, we are very precise. It's more – it's close to 550 contract for the hybrid warranty programs. Clients start to appreciate it because they see a value. And also, I believe in the first communication, we were not so clear. Now, we are improving the clarity of the communication. So, we are around the 550 contract about these hybrid warranty. China. China, on one side, we see the region now is moving. On the other side, we always said that the Mainland China plus Taiwan will be in the range of 8% to 10%. And let me say today the car we are having, mostly 12 – 12Cilindri, 12 cylinder are having a little bit too much impact at the buyer tax and this one of the car we will launch this year is meant also to fit better the portfolio for that region. So, that's the picture on the China. For the last one, that we have provided that level of granularity. We said up to 10% for the model that we will be updated, but we reserve the right to intervene and we are actually moving already on this. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. There are no further questions. I will hand the call back to Benedetto Vigna. Thank you. Thank you all for the time and for all your questions. The strong Q1 2025 result and the continuing desirability of the Ferrari brand fuel our confidence for our year ahead and also for the future. I wish you good morning, good afternoon and thank you again for your attention. Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            