
            Management Discussion: Good day, and welcome to the Reece Limited Full Year 2024 Results Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  And finally, I would like to advise all participants that this call is being recorded. Thank you. I'd now like to welcome Peter Wilson, CEO, to begin the conference. Peter, over to you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our full year 2024 results call. Today, I'll cover an overview of our results, strategy and operational highlights, and will then pass to Andy Young, our CFO, who will take us through the result for the year in more detail. I'll finish with a summary before opening to Q&A. And before we begin, please note that all results are in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated. Turning now to an overview of FY 2024. Our result for the year reflects disciplined execution as we continue to navigate challenging markets. Group sales were up 3% to AUD 9.1 billion. ANZ sales were flat at AUD 3.8 billion with housing markets softening further, as we indicated at the half. US sales were up 3% in US dollars to $3.5 billion, with mixed demand across end markets during the year. The US saw a softer first half having entered the cycle around 6 to 12 months earlier than ANZ. ANZ saw a slower second half, as we flagged in February. Across the group, we remain disciplined on operating costs while continuing to invest to build a better business for the long term. We delivered adjusted EBIT of AUD 681 million, up 2%, and adjusted NPAT of AUD 416 million, which is up 3% on the prior year. The board has declared a final dividend of AUD 0.1775 per share, bringing the total dividend for the full year to AUD 0.2575. Now turning to recap on our strategy. Our blueprint guides everything we do. We are a purpose- and values-led organization, which we call The Reece Way. Our 2030 vision is to be our trade's most valuable partner. We are bringing this to life through our three strategic priorities. The first, operational excellence, focuses on the fundamentals of trade distribution, and we cannot achieve our vision unless we are the best at the basics. The second is staying ahead of our customers' needs through innovation. And finally, investing for profitable growth so we can build a stronger business for the long term. These three strategic priorities come together to help us deliver on our customer promise. As I've just outlined, The Reece Way is a foundation of our success. It guides everything we do and is so important to our culture at all levels of the business. We've adapted The Reece Way over recent decades, and we've just completed our latest refresh to coincide with the Reece brand rollout in the US. Our new purpose is building a better world for our customers by being the best. Another important change was to bring back the value of entrepreneurial spirit. This was a value that contributed to our success in the past and is important to retain as we've grown complexity. Now turning to our operational review. Looking at the three pillars of our strategy, we've made good progress in FY 2024. As we faced into a softer trading environment, we intentionally set out to refocus on operational excellence. We also kept investing in our team and strengthening our culture, helping us to deliver on our service standards. In the innovation space, we continue to execute on an insight-led approach that will allow us to stay one step ahead of our customers and help make their lives easier. And finally, we continue to expand and enhance our network to ensure we are where our customers need us. Turning now to look at our activity this year, starting with ANZ. Our network density in ANZ enables our market-leading position and helps us deliver our customer promise. We've continued to enhance and optimize the network during the year with 15 refurbishments, 10 relocations, and 6 new stores. In April this year, we also opened a new distribution center in New Zealand, which enhances our capacity and provides us with further flexibility to scale. It has enabled us to streamline our supply chain to ensure the leanest path to market for our Kiwi customers. Turning to innovation. We continue to focus on staying ahead of future trends. And in-person relationship is still very important to our customers, and they are also very interested in digital tools that make their lives easier. Post year-end, we invested in a small acquisition, Shadowboxer, an Australian digital start-up focusing on building and growing disruptive technology. Shadowboxer will enhance Reece's digital and innovation capabilities, and will bring some great talent in-house. Turning now to the US region. We continue to make strong progress in the expansion and upgrade of our US network with 15 new branches and 4 refurbishments this year. The team has put a huge amount of work into the rebrand project, with around 80% of targeted branches now trading as Reece across the US. This is a symbolic milestone for the team and is having a great impact on culture. The project is likely to be wrapped up by the end of this calendar year, with the exception of Fortiline, which retains brand value in market. Looking ahead, we continue to see a sustainable rate of organic new store openings in the 10 to 15 a year range. Staying on the US network, we also opened a new distribution center in Texas, our first in the US. The DC will support our growing network of branches to meet our service promise for customers. Supporting the growth of our US network, we continue to focus on investing in our people during the year. Embedding our culture and developing the team is critical to our success. Examples this year include the launch of our new leadership program for branch managers and the development of career road map plans for critical roles across the organization. Our existing programs, which have now been up and running for some time are delivering great results. I'll now hand over to Andy to run through the financial review. Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Overall, the group has delivered a solid result in a challenging trading environment in both regions. As Peter mentioned, sales revenue for the group was up 3% to AUD 9.1 billion, partly supported by favorable foreign exchange movement. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 2%. Adjusted EBITDA was up 5% for the year to AUD 1 billion with growth across both regions. Adjusted EBIT increased by 2% to AUD 681 million. And within this result, group costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, grew at 2.5%, principally driven by year-on-year labor cost increases. Including depreciation and amortization, overall group cost increased by 4.1% for the year, reflecting ongoing investment in our network and core capabilities, capital spend associated with our US rebranding activities, and amortization of intangibles associated with recent bolt-on acquisitions. Adjusted net profit after tax was up 3% to AUD 416 million with consistent growth in adjusted earnings per share, which was AUD 0.64 in the FY 2024 period. Moving to the next slide. Over the past five years, the group has delivered significant growth in sales, earnings and return on capital. FY 2024 has seen our growth rates moderate as housing end markets have softened. Despite the slowdown, we have continued to focus on our long-term investment strategy and disciplined approach to capital management. Continuing to invest through the cycle will ensure we are well placed to support customers as the market recovers and deliver long-term growth for our shareholders. Now, on to the ANZ region. The ANZ business has navigated a challenging trading environment in FY 2024 as the housing market continue to soften. Annual sales revenue was flat at AUD 3.9 billion, with inflation-driven first half sales growth offset by more challenging demand settings in half two. As foreshadowed at the half year, we have seen further softening in the housing market over the past six months. Backlog activity has largely been worked through, and product inflation had a broadly neutral impact on performance in the second half. Adjusted EBITDA was up 1% to AUD 560 million, and our adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 10 basis points, driven by focused execution on the fundamentals of our business, coupled with a disciplined approach to costs to offset ongoing inflationary pressure. Adjusted EBIT was down 3% to AUD 410 million, reflecting the impact of softening sales, cost inflation, and increased depreciation and amortization from ongoing investment in our network and core capabilities. And finally, I wanted to touch briefly on the delta between adjusted EBIT and statutory EBIT. This is primarily due to the goodwill impairment of AUD 29 million relating to our Metalflex business, which we recognized in the first half of last year. There are no differences between statutory and adjusted earnings for the current year. Now on to the US region. Our US business performed well in FY 2024. However, demand settings within the end markets remain mixed. On a US dollar basis, sales were up 3% to AUD 3.5 billion, driven by an uplift in volumes in the second half. Deflation in select categories continues to be reflected in headline sales. However, the impact has moderated across the year. Adjusted EBITDA was up 9% to AUD 293 million, with a 44 basis point increase in our adjusted EBITDA margin. This result reflects strong cost management and a disciplined approach to embedding the fundamentals of the Reece model across our US business. Adjusted EBIT increased 7% to AUD 178 million, once again reflecting some elevated depreciation costs associated with network expansion and rebranding activity. The group's sales and EBIT results have benefited from a favorable foreign exchange movement on translation of our US earnings, with sales in AUD up 5% and adjusted EBIT up 10% for the year to 30 June. Turning now to the group's cash flow position. The group generated strong operating cash inflows of AUD 751 million for FY 2024. Capital expenditure was up by AUD 81 million, driven by network expansion, branch refurbishment costs, and the Reece rebrand in the US. CapEx to sales increased to 2.8% up from 2% in FY 2023. Net borrowings, inclusive of leases, reduced by AUD 378 million during the year, in line with our capital management priorities, which I will touch on shortly. Net finance costs were slightly up year-on-year. The impact of increased interest rates on our variable drawn balance largely offset by savings from debt pay down. Gross interest expense for the year was AUD 69 million and based on current drawn debt, we anticipate gross interest in the range of AUD 53 million to AUD 63 million for FY 2025. The group's overall effective tax rate was 28.9% for FY 2024 inclusive of a AUD 3 million benefit from annual LIFO adjustments for US tax expense. Excluding this, the effective tax rate for FY 2024 for the group was 29.4%. Now looking at the next slide. The group closed the year with a very strong balance sheet, which supports our long-term growth approach and continues to provide flexibility as we trade through the cycle. Our net working capital to sales ratio reduced to 18% driven by discipline management of inventory in a subdued volume environment. Net debt reduced to AUD 518 million with the group's net leverage ratio sitting at 0.6 times. As noted in our half-year results, we completed a $300 million unsecured notes issuance in the US private placement market during the year. The notes have enabled us to diversify our funding sources, reduce our variable interest rate exposure, and increase the group's overall debt maturity profile. Before I close, I wanted to take a moment to revisit our approach to capital management. As previously communicated at the half, the group has a defined framework which guides the allocation and deployment of group capital to ensure we achieve our primary goal of enabling the sustainable long-term growth of the business. Our first priority is to invest in organic growth and strategic bolt-on M&A, support the ongoing expansion of the group. Second, to maintain a strong balance sheet by paying down debt and maintaining flexibility for growth. And thirdly, to provide returns to shareholders through the payment of ordinary dividends and, where surplus free cash flow exists, special dividends or share buybacks. I'll now hand back to Peter to discuss the outlook. Thanks, Andy. And starting with the lead indicators in ANZ, housing commencements and approvals are still well down from the COVID peak and a significant backlog of activity has now largely been worked through. Housing completions that have been consistently resilient are now trending downwards. Alterations and additions are also softening. Overall, we are anticipating the near term to remain challenging with a period of softer activity to play out. Turning to the US, we expect the near term to remain challenging but note that the US is at a different point in the cycle. While there've been green shoots in some lead indicators, we are cautious about how this trend develops as end markets remain mixed. The economic and political picture in the US is complex, with interest rates and affordability continuing to provide headwinds in our sector. I've just returned from a trip to the US. Consumers on the ground are telling us that macro uncertainty is driving some softness, and they're seeing end consumers holding off on projects. It takes time for improvements in lead indicators to drive higher activity levels for our business. In summary, despite short-term challenges, our long-term approach remains unchanged. We are focusing on the fundamentals of trade distribution and delivering our customer proposition. We are a diversified business by customer and end market, and we are well placed to face into a softer trading environment. The medium- to long-term fundamentals in our sector remain positive, particularly the housing under-build, population growth, and the ongoing need for infrastructure in both regions. Thank you, and I'll now open the line for questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you, Peter. And the floor is now open to questions.  And your first question comes from the line of Peter Steyn from Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hi, Peter and Andy. Thank you very much for your time. Appreciate it. Peter, may I ask, could you give us a bit of a delineation of how you're seeing new construction activity versus the alteration. In addition, the segment in ANZ, you spoke about them both being weaker. But is there a sense that alts and adds could be meaningfully more resilient and help you through this patch? Hi, Peter. Look, traditionally, that has been the case, obviously, through different cycles. The alteration and additions are normally resilient, and that's why we built the business in Australia around that path. So, that's what has traditionally happened. In terms of where we're seeing it now, there's definitely softness in housing, and we are also seeing softness in the renovation space as well. So, I think it's all just with where interest rates are, the affordability part. So, there's definitely some cautiousness that we haven't seen for a few years. So, we're very cautious on the housing, and some are cautious on the R&R. Got you. Thanks, Peter. And if I – it's a bit of a bow. But as a follow-up to Andy, from a working capital point of view, as the market softens, do you think that your working capital investment or, at least, the ratios could continue to fall from here? Good question. Look, I think we're pretty comfortable with where we sit. We've said in the presentation that we've managed it really well in a benign volume environment, which has certainly been the case, but it is something we can manage pretty tightly when inventory is sort of sitting at the level it is today. So I think it's probably as low as we see it going, and we'll just manage that cautiously as those lead demand indicators start to improve. And Peter, just to build on that, look, obviously, this next cycle, there's a lot of new people on the call, so they haven't been following us for a while. So part of our model is to be consistent is to continue to invest, and a big part of our service proposition is working capital. So in past downturns, we've really invested through this, and it always pays off dividends. So we're going to continue to do the same approach. Got you. Thanks, Peter and Andy. Appreciate it. Thanks, Peter. Your next question is from Andrew Scott at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Good morning. Thanks, Peter, Andy. Can we just start with a discussion around the audit? So the accounts are currently unaudited. Anything you can add some color there? Yeah, Andrew. I'll pick that up. We'll release the audited financials later in the week. The reason for that was simply that we're just out a little bit earlier this year than we have been. So just a cautious note just to make sure everyone is aware that they aren't accompanied by audited financials at this point, but that will be out later in the week. Okay. Thank you. And then, obviously, you'll have seen the announcement  (00:19:57) change of ownership at Tradelink. Interested, any expectations about the change there, but perhaps more so – I mean, this brings a combo of company that will have plumbing and electrical distribution. Is there any sort of view that that could be an attractive avenue for you in the future to add that sort of second trade-focused exposure here in Australia? Andrew, it's Peter. Look, with the change of ownership definitely, I know personally the new owners very well over a period of about 25 years. So, look, if you look at how we're seeing it, definitely, our sector has always – well, we've always thought it's been competitive. So we started as a small guy and, obviously, through our strategy and being focused on that is we've got to our position. So we will continue to do the same thing, just focusing on our own sort of game plan. It's actually hard enough to control your own game plan without getting obsessed with competition. So that definitely will change things into the future. And, I mean, we know their model really well. So we do know what we're up against. In terms of the electrical part, look, we, from an M&A perspective, are always looking at new market segments, different verticals. The electrical part is pretty constant – I mean, they are number one in the electrical, and then you've got some big French conglomerates that are two and three, and a couple of family businesses. So it's pretty tied up. So you never say never. It definitely is a logical next vertical. But I think it's unlikely at this point, given the discussions that we've had over the past decade or so. Hopefully, that... Appreciate the color. Thanks, Andrew. Your next question is from Harry Saunders of E&P. Please go ahead. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Firstly, just wondering how you're thinking about ANZ margins in FY 2025, given you're carrying that investment you made more recently and a softening demand environment potentially. And sort of how much of that margin hit in the second half was from that investment versus macro? I mean, perhaps just what is the peak-to-trough margin in that ANZ business now in your view? Thanks. Yes. It's Peter again. Look, I mean, I know there's a lot of – we've got a lot of new analysts covering us. But we certainly aren't going to give guidance on a whole lot of areas. Definitely, this is one. So it's fair to say, and Andy will probably build on this, in Australia, the second half as it got softer has got more challenging. Some of that contraction is to do with the investment. So we will manage that closely. So in terms of – in the past – it's hard to predict. It just depends how soft it really gets. And normally in a – definitely in a softer environment, the marketplace does get more challenging, more competitive, more contested. So you have to navigate all that. But we have had good experience. Our model is set up to be able to flex. So from a cost perspective, again, to protect the service proposition, if it gets to a much stronger – if the downturn becomes bigger than we are anticipating, then we have the ability to flex with our staff turnover natural attrition. That's normally how we approach it to preserve our model and our strategy. So, I don't know, Andy, if you've got anything to... No, very little to build on that, Peter. I think the only thing I'd probably add, Harry, just sort of a bit of a reminder. If you're looking at the margin across the half is obviously the second half has the full impact of the annual selling wage increase rolled through it. So, that would be just something to keep in mind as well. Great. Thank you. And just in terms of a follow-up, what's the contribution from that ReFire acquisition you made recently in July? And what is the size of the opportunity in that fire market more broadly? Thanks. Harry, the ReFire acquisition actually isn't effective in FY 2024. So, there's really nothing reflected in the results for that for the moment. And look, it's a very small component of the business. We don't break them out for that reason, because they are tiny bolt-ons. And I think as we said in the announcement when we actually acquired ReFire, we're at about 12 branches across fire. So, it's a pretty small component of the overall ANZ business, but it's something that we continue to see some opportunity in. Yeah. So, just small – we're just experimenting. So, it's just is what we've done historically with how we've segmented the business over the years. So, excuse me, I managed to catch COVID on the way back from the US, so just, fortunately, tested negative today for the first time. So, just to add a bit more color to the challenges of always travel. Okay. Thanks. Harry, hopefully that helps. Thanks. Get well soon. Your next question is from the line of Keith Chau from MST Marquee. Your line is open. Good morning, Peter and Andy. So, first question, Peter, I know maybe this is a bit nuanced, but the expectations in Aussie, obviously, fairly cautious. But do you think conditions are worsening or are we just tracking along at the bottom now and waiting for a bit of an upturn? Good day, Keith. No, I actually think it is continuing to soften. So, I don't – as the financial year progressed, it was getting softer, yeah, marginally. And obviously, we'll wait till the AGM period. But all of the lead indicators are definitely showing further signs of softening and in some of our business segments, which are the lead ones, there's definitely softer signs coming. So, we're always – everyone knows we're cautious and we're conservative and so on. But we are definitely preparing for at least the next 12 months to be in a softer period could even be a bit longer. It really just depends, I guess, what – I mean there's a lot of events to happen, but really it will – if interest rates do change, that will signal a point where things might – the psychology might start to change. And obviously, that probably is going to happen in the US before Australia. No, appreciate that. Thanks for the answer, Peter. And then just a follow-on in the US. I'm certainly one of those analysts that have been covering Reece for a long time, but as it looks at least to us the sales of the store, sales velocity seems to be doing pretty good at the moment. Just wondering if you can give us a sense of what your thoughts are on the progression of the strategy in the US, Peter, and also whether that distribution center in Dallas has made a difference to your service proposition or you're seeing benefits from that today. Thank you. Yeah. If I start with the distribution center first. Look, it's early days, it's just opened, and I had a look at it. It's been set up really well. It's there as-a-service proposition to support our branch network. So, it's not a private-label play. So that's a big difference. Just wanted to make sure everyone's clear on that. In terms of progress, it is about this time six years ago. So, yeah, overall, I'm definitely – I mean, I've just come back and I've seen a lot of the stores. And I'm pleased with the progress of the standards of what we've done, the reinvestment into the stores. We have put a lot of effort into the whole foundations, the culture piece. There's a lot of training. And it is unrecognizable since when we bought it. So, it's funny. One of the first stores I went to in Texas, mystery shop, before we did the deal, and then we've just refurbed it now, and the transformation is really impressive. So, it's a big store. It's in the commercial space, sales really impressed. So, overall, yes, I am pleased with the progress. But I still got to point out because I keep saying this to everybody, Sasha and the team, we're five years in, and we have to build capabilities to allow us to have a winning proposition, and at the moment we're just building that. So, you've still got all these big competitive that we call gorillas that have really dominant positions. And we're certainly working our way through it, and we think we've got a clear proposition, but it's still really early days. But yes, it's a long-winded answer, but I'm definitely happy with how we're progressing in the US. That's great. Thanks, Peter. Thanks, Keith. Your next question is from the line of Sam Seow from Citi. Please go ahead. Morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Look, the last couple of years, you've provided volume and price split. Apologies if I missed it in the results, but any chance you can talk to those splits by segments or directionally high level what they were? Sam, thanks for the question. Look, a couple of things. We mentioned at the half actually that we'd stop breaking it out. And the reason for that really is it doesn't have a material impact, inflation anyway, on the overall performance any longer. But in terms of a bit of color, very similar to what we said at the half. We had a little bit of inflation in the ANZ portfolio, and that moderated through the year. So, it drove sales result in the first half; has been pretty much neutral in the second. And in the US, for the first half, we said we had a little bit of moderate deflation. We've seen that again in the second half. But once again, that's moderated as well. So, overall, not a material impact of inflation/deflation for the year. Yes. And I recon you could say now like I do feel – I know this is a statement, but really the inflation story is really in the rear view mirror now. I recon there's no inflation in our – not in our business and not in our sector. So, it's definitely – Australia was a bit slower. So, it's probably following where we are with the economy as well. So, it's definitely not an issue. In the US, there's some categories that have some deflation in them. So, that's the main reason why there's no point to share because it's not really relevant now. Thanks. That's helpful. And just maybe looking at the second half in the US, you've got some pretty good growth there in your results and your peers are probably pointing to a pretty positive last quarter. Just noting your comments on more challenging conditions and, I guess, wondering with your comments, which seems a bit more conservative, given your exit rate, if you could extrapolate on that further. And then maybe even, too, like within your business in the US, if you could kind of talk to your small project exposure versus, I guess, your larger type stuff. Thanks. Well, look, if you look at the US, it's – I think everybody is looking at it. I mean, it is mixed; I've got the word, it's a bit noisy. There's good and bad things happening. So, how we sort of look at it, I mean, in the US, the economy is still pretty resilient. It's still got small growth, the labor market is cooling, but it's not contracting. So, you say it's resilient. But in terms of our sector, the word we're using, it's stuck. We're sort of all waiting for that interest rate cut, because really the 30-year mortgage rates are – they're really high. And so until – I was watching a program on the weekend where they're saying, they really are going to need to get a  (00:32:52) before actually people start moving. So, that has a big impact on new housing and renovations. So, certainly, in the US single-family, there's green shoots there. The multifamily part is going to really come off. So, we're relatively – I mean, we haven't done this cycle. It's all learning for us in the US, but it does feel like we're waiting for the – whenever that interest rate cuts happen. And then that will probably change the psychology of it. And then, I mean, there will be a delay after that. So, that's sort of how we see the US, Sam. Thanks. That's helpful. Your next question is from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I'd like just to ask one on the US business. The numbers provided in the materials imply about three net new store adds in the second half. Do you mind just commenting on sort of the growth store adds and maybe there's some closures in there, which brings the net down to three? And then, I guess, as you look forward, it's an uncertain environment. You're talking about it being noisy. Does that influence your plans over the next 12 months in terms of the number of stores you'd like to roll out? Do you think it will be sort of in line with that 10 to 15? Is it going to be lower? Is it going to be higher? So, I guess, those two questions would be great. Thanks. Hi, Brook. I'll do one of the question. We definitely are setting up to roll out 10 to 15 a year. So that's part of the sustainable rate that we think we can go out with finding the right sites, and then obviously developing the people for them. So yeah, that's – we did open 15 sites for the year. And I think sometimes there's – it can move from one period to the next, depending on getting the permit to actually open the store. So there's a whole lot of factors that play into it. And Andy, anything to add? Yeah. No, I think that's right. So the number that you've got there, Brook, 15 is the new stores. There was a couple of closures. The net is 12. So that's the number. Great. That's clear. Just a follow-up on the ANZ business. I know you've got a few segments there. Do you mind providing some commentary about how sales trends compared across plumbing, showrooms versus pools, for example. Great just to get any color there on how sales trends have kind of varied across those different segments. And if possible, great to sort of rank those if you have appetite to provide that sort of detail. Thanks. Again, Brook, no, I don't have the appetite to provide that detail, and won't be ranking them. But, look, for the most part, it's the – most of the segments – the trade parts are pretty consistent with where they're signaling. The one that's got more exposure to the discretionary consumer, which is the bathroom part, that's definitely feeling more of the pressure. So that's one of the lead ones, and there's other parts of the business where we know where the house starts. So we definitely are seeing it across the board, Brook. So haven't shared too much there, except that the bathroom part is the one with the most discretionary part and has probably been impacted the most so far. That's great. Thanks for the update. Thanks, Brook. Your next question is from the line of Shaurya Visen from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Morning, Peter. Morning, Andy. Congrats on the results. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to spend some time on your US margins there, Peter. And, look, they continue to improve and impress, right? So if I think about second half margins of 8.5% EBITDA. And, look, that's despite what you call a tough market. And, look, I appreciate you won't give us a number, I'm not expecting that. But if you think about, let's say, medium term, right, how should we be thinking about the US margins directionally? And more importantly, if you could help us think through what would be the key drivers of that sort of margin expansion? Thank you. Yes, sure. I think five years ago, we set out, say we've got this opportunity in the US, and we obviously have to build capability and get the foundations right. And we, honestly – I mean, we do see this as an opportunity for growth. And we're not in our – if we were to share our five-year sort of forecast, we're not banking on margin improvement because there's so much investment still to be done. So it's just this balance. And so, I don't know if that helps, we certainly – I think the team has executed pretty well with what we've invested, the growth we've got, and Sasha and the team have managed the cost part pretty well with all that. So I have faith that they're going to be able to keep doing that. But we still got a lot of – we're only just getting started. So I think we're in a slightly better position than I really expected. But we're not anticipating in any of our forecast or budget, margin improvement. So this is still all about rolling out stores and scale. So, hopefully, that helps answer some of your questions. Super helpful, Peter. A quick one, a quick follow-up. Look, I think – correct if I'm wrong, but did you mention that you've seen green shoots in US new construction. I mean, just sort of got confused like most recent headlines are actually pointing to something like this. Is it based on your conversations with your, say, yeah, with your customers? Is that what you... I think we're definitely talking in there on the residential part the single family. So, there's definitely some – I think if you look the commentary around that, if you look at the commencement approvals, there's definitely green shoots in that single family. Offsetting that is it looks like the other way with multifamily, and then the R&R parts; not that it's a big part of our business yet, but that seems – that's challenged because of where interest rates are in this whole mortgage business part. So, that's the green shoots in the single family. And then it really just depends where you visit. So there's – I mean, each state is different. It depends – you can visit good customers that are busy, and then you've got some that are not as busy. So, yeah, I think – look, I think it's poised so everyone is, as I said, stuck, everyone is sort of waiting, but if you go long term, the fundamentals are all excellent. You've population growth. There is an under-build. So, like what we always do, we run this thing for the long term. Great. Thank you, Peter. If you want to look at the data, it's a single family. Great. Thank you, Peter. And your next question comes from the line of Lee Power from UBS. Please go ahead. Morning, Peter. Morning, Andy. Peter, just your comments around Australia and that balance between cost control to support margin, and then investing through the cycle. In a slowing market, is there anything specific that you target, like monthly sales rates or DIFOT or something around competition that kind of guide you as to whether to go harder on cost or whether to continue to invest? I'm just trying to think about that preference and, obviously, the margin outcomes. Yeah, we do. There's all these indicators, and that then impacts just at the margin what we do. So, if activity does look like it's slowing, which it does, we've got areas where we need to invest for the future in tech and digital. But there's areas that we will naturally tighten up on. And I mean, this industry still has a high level of staff turnover or natural attrition. So, we can get a handle on it pretty quickly. So, it's just really managing it much more tightly than, obviously, when you've got growth conditions. So, yeah, Andy and the team, we've definitely got our plan set up for managing the next part. So... Okay. I think that's what out. Sasha and the team did that really well. They went a bit soft in the US, and I think that they pivoted pretty well given that we're still rolling out stores and still having to invest. Yeah. Perfect. And then on that US rollout, like, I mean, you're still targeting that 10 to 15 stores. You've been on the journey for a while now. What do you think the last few years has taught you around the mix of organic versus bolt-ons in the medium term and kind of how that impacts the pace of getting these stores up to target sales and margins? Yeah. Well, to be honest, the strategy is both. So, we're really comfortable with both. Organic is a lot slower and somewhat harder, but probably better for the culture, because you control it from the start, and bolt-ons give you the business straight away, and then you've got all that integration challenge and cultural fitness. So, we actually like both. So, it just really depends where the market is, where the opportunity is. There could be an opening with segment or customer. So, yeah, I think we're in a good spot. So, if we missed out on a few of these acquisitions because they are getting expensive, it's okay, we just double down and just say, well, we grow organically. So, we're fortunate we can go both ways. And it's funny. Historically, we grew up – I grew up with a preference for organic, because that's what we did for a big period of time. But our model is set up to handle M&A as well. So, we're very comfortable doing both. Just got to make sure it makes sense and we stay disciplined, because the valuations are getting quite expensive in the US, even for small... Really appreciate the color. Thank you. And your next question is from the line of James Casey from Ord Minnett. Please go ahead. Good morning, gentlemen. A question with regards to the balance sheet and your capital management priorities. The net debt you showed today is AUD 518 million. Given your strong cash flow generation and your current guidance on CapEx, that will likely to be – the net debt will be extinguished in the near term. Do you have a targeted leverage ratio which you kind of plan to work towards? And then, just maybe a follow-up on where share buybacks may sit within that discussion. Look, James, we've got a broad sort of between 1 and 2 times. I mean, it's well below that. And clearly, we've got to over 3 times when we did the deal. So, historically, we haven't – the business has not been built around debt. But we've shown that we've got comfortable up around 3 times, but  surely 1 and 2 times (00:45:42) is probably ideal where we're – we're in a strong spot now for this part. So, I think the good thing is that we've got flexibility. So, something transformative came up again. We've done that once, you can do it again, but there comes risk with that. So, the safer way is what we're doing. So, our balance sheet definitely is in a strong spot. So, on the second part of the question, do you want to handle that, Andy? Yeah. Look, I think, James, you see it in the capital slide we put into the investor presentation, some of our share buyback certainly comes later in our capital allocation framework and really depends on what materializes around growth opportunities, but it's certainly part of the framework. And we continue to have those conversations as a management team and with the board when the right times sort of pop up in the toolkit, but it depends really on what plays out. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, James. And that concludes our Q&A session for today. I would like to turn the call back over to Peter for closing remarks. Yes. Thanks, everyone, for dialing in today. I'll finish up by saying a big thank you to our team for everything they do. And everyone on the call, thank you for your support. We look forward to catching up with you all again next time. Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Enjoy the rest of your day. You may now disconnect. 
            