
            Management Discussion: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the SEEK Limited Full Year Results Call for 2024. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after the presentation.  I will now hand over the call to SEEK Limited's CEO, Ian Narev. Please go ahead. Thank you very much. Good morning, everybody. I am on the land of the Wurundjeri Woi Wurrung people of the Kulin Nation. I'd like to pay my respects to the elders, past, present and emerging. I'm joined here by members of our Executive Committee, Kendra Banks, Peter Bithos, Simon Lusted, Grant Wright, and Kate Koch, and also Dan McKenna, who is known to you all as our Head of Investor Relations. Thank you all very much for joining us. You'll have seen the investor presentation. And we'll be referring to this by page numbers today. I'll start on page 4 and then hand pretty quickly to Kendra, who will walk you through the financial headlines. In terms of how we characterize the result, you would see that the materials today are very much focused on the big revenue opportunity, the AUD 2 billion revenue opportunity and operating leverage. One without the other is not success. And we feel very good about our ability to progress towards both of those goals, both of which for us are very important. As we reflect on the 2024 year, and obviously, we get at the end of the 2025 year, clearly, the external environment also in China, leading to the Zhaopin impairment has played a material part in the financial results. But when we look at the operational outcomes for the year, our view as a management team  shared I know (00:02:12) by the board is that we feel we've now got very strong foundations for growth. Post-unification, we are now at the point we have wanted to be for a number of years. You'll see us in the materials, and we'll walk through this, the benefits are showing up, while the more tempered economic environment will always be a bit of a waste about our results. We feel very good about the flexibility we now have both to adapt to a more tempered current environment, but particularly, to keep progressing as volume growth returns. In terms of what that means specifically on slide 4, you can see we look back on FY 2024 with the highest placement share recent history in ANZ. Asia has remained stable, a little bit down in a couple of markets due to the rise of free in these economic conditions, which Peter will get to later. Double-digit yield growth across APAC and if you look at the yield growth stats later since 2019, this is now a five-year consistent story of this kind of consistent yield growth. Total expenditure, you'll see a focus which a lot of investors have talked to us about making sure we talk about OpEx and CapEx, and you'll see a real focus on the combined OpEx and CapEx this year. That's in line with the prior year, it's actually down 1%. Obviously, there's some benefit in the prior comparatives on unification in those numbers, and we'll talk a bit later about how we think about that. The Platform Unification story, well known to all of you, but of course, we'll keep talking about it. And in the Latin American assets being sold showing a real determination to focus on the core but also a further side that the real opportunities in this business lie in the geographies associated with the unified platform. When we think about the foundations that give us  (00:04:06) for growth, if you think about the customer side, we've got clear demonstrated momentum in placements and clear demonstrated momentum in yields. These are not things we are talking about or promising, they are things we are showing in the current numbers. And that is due to the benefits of the investments we've made over the last few years. We've got market-leading network effects through market-leading positions. That gives us the best data in the market and it gives us the opportunity for continuous improvement in AI-driven matching and verification. And again, you'll see clear evidence of this showing up in the business later on in the deck. These are not stories. These are things which are just showing up in the numbers. The market-leading brand metrics have shown the benefit both in ANZ and Asia of the focus on the marketing campaigns and the investment we've done in the brand. The clear investment focus on APAC, which I talked about before, but another thing we have, again, live in the market is experimentation with the new monetization approaches, and it will continue into the next financial year and beyond. And then critically, and I'll get this a bit later, our core costs being core technology sales and corporate functions with the completion of unification, the completion of enterprise technology platform, the unified sales force platform and the investment we've made are now at scale to sustain higher revenue growth. So we can focus investment on growth not infrastructure and associated with that is an ability to be more flexible in the investment, which is again a theme I'll return to you later. You can see the highlights of the financial results on page 5. But in the interest of time, I'll let you read those and hand over to Kendra from slide 7, who can go through the results in a bit more detail. Thanks, Ian, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be joining you today with a new hat on  (00:05:55) CFO. I'll start by presenting an overview of the financial results for FY 2024 on slide 7. The numbers we'll focus on today are our adjusted results for continuing operations. At the bottom of slide 7, we've included the results for total ops, which you can compare to the guidance numbers we provided in February. Total operations include discontinued operations, which is mostly the results from the LatAm businesses before their sale in late June. Our adjusted results also exclude significant items at the impairment of Zhaopin, which we added to the market a few weeks ago as well as the result of SEEK growth funds. These two factors lead to a net loss on a statutory basis, which you can see in the results, but which, of course, doesn't reflect underlying performance. Before we leave slide 7, just to note, the board did announce final dividend of AUD 0.16 per share today, which representing 100% payout of our dividend policy formula of cash NPAT less CapEx. I'll pass to slide 8, which goes through more detail on how the different aspects of the results come together in the P&L and move now to a result of continuing operations on slide 9. Revenue of AUD 1.08 billion was down 6% on the prior period. As you can see in the chart, where we split that out across ANZ, Asia volume and yield, the revenue drop was entirely volume-driven in both ANZ and Asia. Job ads in both geographies continue to decline. Pleasingly, we did partially offset volume decline with the yield levers within our control, such as variable pricing in ANZ and the continuing standardization of discounts in Asia. We've also introduced variable pricing in Asia this half. And together, these actions have delivered double-digit yield growth across APAC. Turning to slide 10, which summarizes profit. We fell 40% decline in EBITDA from continuing operations to AUD 469 million. This, as you can see again with the red bar, almost entirely attributable to the reduction in revenue. Total operating expenses for the year were AUD 615 million, which is 1% higher than last year. Incremental unification costs ended in the year. This offset a 9% increase in our underlying OpEx as we increased our investment in product and tech and the cost of our software licenses rose. As you'll see from our comments later, this level of underlying increase in the OpEx at total cost base will be much lower from here. Just briefly mentioning on Ian's point around total expenditure. Total expenditure, including both OpEx and CapEx was lower than February guidance and 1% below last year. CapEx was below guidance as we focus on fewer more impactful program. On the other hand, OpEx was a little higher than February guidance, mostly due to the recognition of a staff bonus provision. With the board's support, we wanted to reward our team for the delivery of unification in the year. This is not a bonus that senior executives qualify for. Also impacting OpEx, there was an updated classification of certain costs into OpEx that otherwise would have been capitalized. To Ian's point, while we have of course to report costs as one or the other, we've heard your feedback that we put too much focus on operating expenses and not enough on CapEx. So, going forward, we'll be putting more emphasis on total expenses, the cash going out the door, of course, also what determines our dividends. We'll continue to report on and give guidance on both OpEx and CapEx, and of course, adhere strictly to accounting standards and classifying spend, but as we talk about guidance, you'll hear us speaking much more about the total cost base. And we made trade-offs within that through the year to get the best from our investments. Now moving back to slide 10. Adjusted NPAT was down 33% year-on-year to AUD 177 million. Lower EBITDA was the largest contributor to the decline. And as we mentioned in February guidance, D&A  stepped up in half two (00:09:36) with the completion of unification. NPAT was also impacted by higher interest costs on our unhedged debt, renewed performance at Zhaopin and management's performance fees for this asset. On slide 11, I will go through this in detail. This highlights the main changes to our balance sheet, the reduction in our investment in fee growth fund driven by the decrease in the portfolio valuation. This was partially offset by a reduction in estimated carry, the impairment charge related to Zhaopin, and of course, the proceeds of the LatAm sale. These were received and used to pay down debt. As a result, reported net debt at the 30th of June was just above AUD 1 billion, and our borrower group net leverage ratio was 2.41x. That's a reduction from December. However, given the earnings profile, we will likely to see this ratio increase a bit before it reduces again. Finally, on slide 12, I won't step through the cash flow details except to say another strong result on cash collection this year, adjusting for foreign exchange movements, operating cash flow to EBITDA conversion was 97%. Now, before I hand to Peter to take you through the ANZ and Asia results in more detail, just a reminder of changes this year to the APAC technology cost allocation following the go-live of the unified platform in Asia. Asia has gone from receiving a net benefit from the technology agreement in FY 2023 to incur a net expense in FY 2024. Given the relative sales between the two segments, the impact is much more noticeable on Asia's EBITDA and margins. These are all internal reallocations of costs, no impact to total EBITDA at group level, but it does impact year-on-year comparative in each segment. So, with that, Peter, over to you. Thanks, Kendra. Hello, everyone. Again, I'm also putting on a new hat; accountable for all the APAC commercial operations. So, I'll start actually on slide 14. As Ian mentioned, I think in the macroeconomic environment, which everybody is well aware of, operationally in both Australia and Asia, we're very pleased with this year's results. And so, slide 14 kicks that off. We'll go through in detail, but in essence and in sum, on both the candidate side, we've – in both Australia as well as Asia, we have record highs as we exit the year on multiple metrics. Both regions also have double-digit yield growth. We'll talk to that in detail. And in the case of Australia, also record highs in terms of placement. So, very strong internal and kind of controllable execution in both regions with the macroeconomic environment as you're well aware. Slide 15, where we start with placement. Australia has had a really great year. Placements up; continuing to grow; very strong. Asia, over the past year, with the changes in Unification on two softer markets, Philippines and Singapore, slightly down as we got the new platform in and looking forward to the year ahead. We can talk about that in Q&A if you want. Brand awareness in both regions are at or near record highs. I'll double-click on each of the regions. I'll start with ANZ first. So, volumes down 20%. And actually, volumes down 20% kind of consistent across APAC; very little variability across countries. Off that Australia business, we're able to get double-digit yield growth. In fact, it's one of the stronger yield growth performances in recent years, bar the Horizon year. That allowed us to mitigate revenue decline to about 8%, all of it from the macroeconomic environment, and Kendra explained some of the margin differences. The yield growth driven by both business mix as well as pricing, leveraging the variable pricing platforms and other tools that we have at our disposal within the ANZ business. From a candidate side on slide 17, when you double-click on the franchise, the candidate franchise in ANZ is very strong at or near record highs. Monthly active users up 8%, driven by both strong performance of marketing campaigns throughout the year as well as product improvements as we went through the Unification cycle and applied some of the changes and learning to Unification and the things that work well into the Australia business. So, it was a really great year on the candidate franchise in Australia. On the hire side, all of you are well aware of the macroeconomic environment. We were able to offset that through strong yield performance driven by pricing and mix of visits. And depth was largely stable. Switching to Asia on page 19. So, again, 20% volume decline. But, in Asia, we were able to generate quite strong yield performance that is driven by the new tools that the Unification platform allowed us to bring in together with record depth penetration. And depth penetration in Asia now is – meets or exceeds the Australia business. So, APAC depth penetration is now consistent across all geographies, which we're very pleased at. The combination of two means we're essentially flat in revenue despite 20 year – 20% down in volumes. On the candidate side on page 20, you can see the impact of Unification coming in the midyear on the top left-hand chart. So, the active users dipping as we put the wave of Unification in. And you can see the corresponding strength into the second half as both the marketing initiatives and product initiatives kind of fight and take shape. The exit point in the candidate franchise in Asia is very strong. Asia hirer activity is very similar to ANZ. And the big difference is we got substantial uplift in depth penetration in Asia as we're now roughly in line and slightly ahead of Australia. And we've put in place variable pricing. Simon will talk a little bit about that in the product section to come. Last thing of note is, as Ian mentioned, the placement decline, we have seen a little bit of share loss to free competitors in a few markets. We've been very aggressive at using the new platform and getting freemium, a new commercial model, up and running, which we've talked about prior. That is now live in the Philippines as a whole, and we've seen immediate improvements, and we're continuing to work and trial that in multiple geographies to make our flywheel spin even faster. So, good operational performance across the region. And I'll hand it over now to talk about the SEEK Growth Fund now. So, I'll just speak briefly back up on the SEEK Growth Fund. As you can see on slide 23, the portfolio valuation has been updated; down 9% from FY 2023, albeit remaining up 26% since the creation of the Fund. The lower valuation also reduces the  (00:16:56) that we've accrued for SEEK, but which only become payable after year five and subject to certain preconditions around liquidity opportunities. The valuation methodology in response to your feedback, we've given a bit more detail on the methodologies that we use in appendix slide 53. You'll see we use as many independent external data points as possible to achieve this valuation, and it is audited both by SEEK's auditors and the Fund's auditors. Then on slide 24, we have commentary from the Fund manager, giving perspectives on the market and on the performance of the businesses within the Fund. You'll see look-through revenue growth in the portfolio was 12% and great to see particular strength in the HR SaaS portfolio, which was delivering look-through revenue growth of 31% versus last year. On ESG topics, we focused here on the slide primarily on our goal to reduce the risk of exploitative recruitment practices happening on the SEEK platform. We've made good progress this year and really enabled by Unification. Another benefit of Unification, which enabled us to uplift and standardize our approach across all the APAC market, expanded our controls and technology for screening hirer and ads and expanded our ability to review and review ads following customer reports of poor behavior. We've also made progress here on managing modern slavery in our own supply chain. We've got more to say on other ESG topics in our sustainability report, which will be released in a few weeks' time. Now, back to Ian. Thank you, Kendra. On to slide 28, and I'll just say a couple of words about this, then hand those – the next couple of slides to Simon Lusted. We are very committed to the strategic goals that we outlined in the investor presentation of April of last year. And as I said before, the progress that's been made this year, what we can see turning up in terms of the benefits has just really affirmed our confidence in that. And that is the AUD 2 billion revenue opportunity and the operating leverage together. We've had a bunch of questions since we announced the divestiture of the Latin American assets.  Well, does the AUD 2 billion stand as internal (00:19:00)? I'll just affirm that is our aspirational goal. It remains our aspirational goal. We haven't recalculated it based on what we can and can't get from LatAm, but the underlying drivers other than that, we feel very good about. To reiterate what we've said before, it is always going to be dependent on the macro conditions that exist at the time of sort of the final year of the goal. And we can't control it. We certainly can't control it three or four years out. But, A, all the levers that we're working on are proving out at the moment. And we're also, as you can see, and I'll get back to this a bit later, showing that we've got a better ability now to have – our countercyclical yield growth would offset a bit of volume reduction anyway. So, we'll never decouple ourselves from the economic conditions, but we're doing a much better job now of offsetting the lower volumes with high yield, and you'll see that underlying view again and how we speak about the guidance for next year. So, here, you can see, yes to the AUD 2 billion revenue opportunity. The benefits, as I said, are showing up. This is obviously harder to show in a relatively weaker revenue environment. And so, that's why we're showing you a lot more visibility in the underlying drivers in these couple of pages. But that said, we've got greater flexibility in the cost base. And, again, you'll see that in the guidance. And, obviously, we are positioned very well for a point at which the volume growth returns because, at that stage, the ability to grow revenues much faster than cost is going to show up very, very clearly in the profit front. So, with that, I will hand over to Simon to take us through slides 29 and 30. Thanks, Thanks, Ian.  (00:20:48) going to take you through some highlights around our strategy to growing placements and growing yield. In terms of placements, we've made pleasing progress on our strategy to create a number and quality of placements that our marketplace delivers. Peter talked earlier to how our investments in brand have paid off with successful campaigns driving awareness and other brand metrics. This year, we materially improved our job search and discovery relevance again. The key drivers were our integration of LLM technologies into our core search platform, improved language capabilities and data pipelines across Asia as a result of unification, and better use of our users' behavioral data and their implicit preferences to personalize their experience.  Learning markets (00:21:29) work better when participants can trust each other. In FY 2024, we continued our focus on helping our talent use their real-world credentials stand out on SEEK. Verified data and credentials is increasingly core to our value proposition which is why, in FY 2024, we rebranded Certsy to SEEK Pass and commenced verification pilots in Asia in readiness for scaling over FY 2025. We also made good progress on our SMB semi-skilled placement opportunity across Asia. In FY 2024, we validated the benefits of a mobile-first, more structured, profile-driven recruiting experience over our use – our customers' current informal social and word-of-mouth approaches. Turning to yield. Our strategy to better align our pricing to our customers' outcomes continued. In FY 2024, we leveraged our prior investments in product and commercial model changes to optimize the yield growth. And as unification capacity has been released in the second half of FY 2024, we've increased our product – our new product innovation focus which will underpin growth to two main areas. First, we prioritize job ad innovation to better meet our hiring diverse needs and expectations. Our efforts in this area have been focused on expanding higher choice through new ad performance tiers and ad enhancements like our release of an urgent ad upgrade in the Philippines, improving our value transparency and communication to hire, and better differentiating ad tiers along the value drivers that matter. So, that seems like volume, quality of application  seem to higher uncertainty (00:22:58) of outcome. And second, we now have multiple pay per hire experiments live across APAC which, while small today, are generating placements, revenue and, most importantly, valuable insights into an end game product that will deliver our SMB hire as a simple and more complete sourcing solution. If we turn to the next page, I'll just make a few comments about unification. Unification has delivered our customers and our marketplace immediate benefits in terms of placement and yield growth. In terms of placement growth, as Peter referenced early, as we were releasing into each geography, we're able to take the opportunity to learn which elements of our experience across APAC were optimal to the users and then converge on one best experience. This delivered us a broad-based user engagement benefit that exceeded our expectation. Both candidates and hires benefited and pleasingly across every geography, in fact, including Australia and New Zealand. In terms of yield growth, as expected, unification enabled us to switch on variable pricing capability across Asia. And as Peter referenced before, this means each country has access to far more advanced data and analytics tools to optimize pricing moving forward. In addition, we also launched new capabilities like in-flight ad upgrade paths that are fully configurable across our APAC countries. From an operating perspective, our product development productivity has accelerated in line with our expectation, and this has been really exciting. Teams are releasing more customer value more frequently with a broader geographic impact. We expect that there's more we can do here as we improve our post-unification processes and further invest in our APAC platform. Finally, our simpler technology environment has made us much more secure, improved the effectiveness of our governance processes, is delivering us efficiency gains across technology, and is improving our insight and decision-making. This is hard to quantify, but it's clear to us that this simpler environment is already having a profound impact on the way we work together for our customers, Ian? Thanks, Simon. Just as I bridge from page 30 to 31, just to reiterate what Simon has said, there have been a lot of questions on how the benefits are showing up. I just remind people, this system only finally went live across all geographies in February. All these benefits are already showing up. And perhaps in the bridge to the operating leverage point, I'd just reiterate that point that Simon made and we've got on the right-hand side of slide 30. We used to do 10 product releases a month and we could select a few markets to send them to. We're now doing 2.5 times that which are ready for every market simultaneously. And I think if there's one thing to have in your mind about the benefit of those from both a customer perspective and a productivity perspective, that's again a demonstrable outcome already showing up in the business a few months after the platform was in place. So, to slide 31, what does that mean in terms of operating leverage? Well, I'd probably characterize this as what hasn't changed and what has changed. What hasn't changed is that we will always, given the AUD 2 billion revenue opportunity, be committed to make the investments we need to make for the long-term competitive success of the business. That hasn't changed and won't change. What has changed is that we are now at the point where we always said we were going to be post-unification. So, it's not a change of heart; it's a point in time that we said we were going to be at where we have got greater discretion in the cost base because the hard infrastructure work has been done. We've spent the last two or three years building the infrastructure we need to be able to scale productively. As I said before, it doesn't quite show up as well when the economic conditions aren't as good, but it will certainly show up. It helps offset those, as I'll get to in a minute, and it'll certainly show up as revenue growth comes back. So, if you look at the bullet points on slide 31, the unification provides a strong foundation. No further CapEx, major CapEx investments required. And core technology sales and corporate functions capabilities are now fit-for-purpose. So, we then have the discretionary spend that we will direct at the things that you all know well, including things we've done for a while, AI, data, analytics and trust, but other new things which are already in market we're experimenting with, including outcome-based offerings in JobStreet Express. Yes, there's a minimum level of discretionary spending always to maintain competitiveness, but there's also a maximum we're ever going to spend every year. And what that tells you is once revenue growth starts coming back, the relativity of operating cost growth to revenue will be much lower. And we'll always stick to what we said in the strategy summary which was sort of mid-to-high-single-digits expense growth, total cost growth. We can't see a world under which we need to go above that number. So, due to the flexibility in the cost base, total expenditure will generally grow slower than revenue each year except, and again, this goes back to the point of what hasn't changed, if there is a sharp correction in revenue cyclically based, we'll still have to maintain a minimum level of spend to maintain competitiveness, and that's important for the long-term health of the business. So, to finish off, how does that translate into guidance and going on to page 33. As you're aware, during the completed financial year, ANZ and Asia paid volumes trended downwards. You'll also be aware of the macroeconomic indicators. Most economists are forecasting it's going to continue to weaken in FY 2025, including a continued rise in unemployment in ANZ. As a result, and this is quite an important point, the base case expectations for FY 2025 to be broadly flat. Now, what that means is that volumes are going to continue to go down, and I'll talk about this on the next page here; revenue is flat. And again, to the question of are we able now, through the investments we've made to build a degree of countercyclicality into the revenue print so that better yield offsets weaker volumes. You can see it in the recently completed year; you can see it again on the guidance. On that base case total expenditure, as Kendra said, what we focused on being OpEx and CapEx would be in line with prior comparative periods. So, broadly speaking, if revenue is flat, total costs will be flat. Now, just to expand on that for a minute. What that really means is that inflation will be completely offset by productivity and that the new things we're talking about like JobStreet Express, outcome-based price including freemium get done. Now, we're not hiding from the fact that if you have broadly flat total expenditure year-on-year that you've still got some unification costs in 2024, that means roughly underlying cost growth of 4% for next year even though the overhead line level is flat. But, again, what I said before, we're enabled – we're able to do that to stay and still keep our operating costs flat. And it basically means the inflation is offset by productivity and we can still do the things we need to do to keep progressing towards AUD 2 billion revenue target. Finally then, on page 34, you can see the key assumptions, the revenue base case assumptions which, of course, may be subject to significant fluctuations. ANZ revenue will decline a bit relative to prior comparative period because low-teens decline in job ad volumes are a bit more than the high-single-digit growth in yields. And Asia, low-single-digit growth in paid job ad volumes gets offset, more than offset by high-single-digit growth in yield. Again, to repeat what that means, even though volumes are going down materially over the whole footprint and the forecast, yield pretty much makes up for it to give us a flat revenue outcome. And then, I talked about the way we're thinking about the total expenditure which will vary depending on the revenue outcomes. I will stop there and we can now spend the second half of the call on Q&A. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session.  Your first question comes from the line of Lucy Huang from UBS. Your line is now open. Hey, Ian, Kendra and team. I've got three questions. So, just firstly, on kind of the yields guidance for ANZ into 2025, so just wondering if you can give us some more color into the confidence around that high-single-digit yield growth, particularly, if volumes are going to come down, I guess, in the low-teens based on your assumptions. And I guess, what are some of the levers that can push in yield into next year? Is it going to be more on the variable price component or are you expecting more to come from launch of that outcomes-based pricing initiative? On that question, Lucy, confidence in the yield level growth is high, and the reason it's high is because exactly the same as we did this year. So, there's very little risk in that from new pricing models. They're still very much in experimental phase next year, although the rate of experimentation goes up. So, the reason we have a high degree of confidence in the yield is because we've done it consistently now for a few years, and we know what to do and we would expect to be able to do that again if the year ahead is as we expect it to be. And just would there be more some contribution coming through from outcomes-based pricing or is it just the traditional levers that we're continuing  (00:32:44)? Very little. Those are very much an experiment. Look, we're doing more and more of it. We're very encouraged by the results, but we have very low expectations of what that might do for next year's revenue. I'll be thinking about that starting the year after a bit beyond. Yeah, understood. And then my just second question on costs. I think you made a comment that the total expenditure will vary on revenue outcomes. Just wondering if you're kind of maybe trying to manage to operating jaws into 2025? Like is that kind of a target when you're thinking about whether or not to flex the cost base into next year? Yeah. Going back to what we've said, we've largely said in most years, our costs, total costs should grow a bit lower than revenue. In a flat year, the right outcome from our perspective is roughly flat revenue means flat costs. Now, we're not – again, we're not going to always manage to that if things happen that we don't expect, but we should be able to achieve that. As we said before, as revenue starts getting better, the gap opens. But even in a flat revenue year, we can do all the investment we need to do to maintain our competitiveness with flat costs. And if revenue goes back a bit, we would cut costs a bit. Yeah. No, that makes sense. And then, just my last one on Asia yields. I guess, the guide for Asia yields into next year is probably a bit softer versus our expectations. So, how should we be thinking about the long run, like yield growth aspiration in Asia? Or is it – is high-single-digits the way to think about it similar to Australia or do you think you can actually push into like a mid-teens yield growth momentum in that part of the market? Yeah. The way we've always thought about Asia and talked about Asia is two components. One is revenues will always grow faster or be less sensitive to the cycle than Australia. Over the last year or so, you're starting to see that. So, for example this year, Australia down 8%, Asia essentially almost flat. But we don't break out yield versus volumes because, in Asia, between the emerging markets and the developed markets and our interest in adding value at the high-end whilst also gaining market penetration at the low-end, we don't guide specific yield. But what we will say is that the revenue will be growing in Asia this year despite the comps on volumes year-on-year. And so, we'll grow Asia faster than Australia, and that's contributing to the overall business. So, we don't break out yield because of the different dynamics in Asia. Yeah. Understood. Thank you. Thanks, everyone. Your next question comes from the line of Eric Choi from Barrenjoey. Your line is now open. Hey. Morning, Ian and team. I had three as well. I'll do the first one first. So, the first one, just on the question of cyclicality versus structural elements. So, I think everyone is comfortable that ANZ weakness is just cyclical. But on guiding to single-digit FY 2025 revenue growth, historically, you were looking  (00:35:59). So, I'm just wondering is that a function kind of marginally falling patient share or is that just timing on things like  freemium (00:36:09) and unification implementation? Yeah. Look, the headline on this is there are a couple of markets being the Philippines and Singapore, and the Philippines in particular where the combination of the market structure and the macroeconomic environment has meant a degree of the low ground ads have gone to free. That's now, there are cyclical aspects to that. There are structural aspects to that. The cyclical aspects of the macroeconomic ones, I've talked about. The structural ones are that we are responding to with the experimentation on freemium. So, through Hong Kong, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, the placement shares are strong to positive. In the Philippines and Singapore, they're not as strong and we think there are a couple of structural aspects in those markets we need to respond to, which is why we're doing the pilot. Got it. Thanks, Ian. Can I just kind of segue to potentially reach FY 2026 if volumes recover back to midsize? I guess, in an upside scenario, if I look at your FY 2028 aspirations, you would need very wide jaws  to get to few step (00:37:15) margins. But I guess on the flip side, the last time we had a material volume recovery was probably post-COVID when jaws were open, but they were probably open a little bit. I guess the question is, should we assume you'll let jaws widen much more than you have with historical volume balances if volumes come back in FY 2026? Yeah, I just want to emphasize, the answer is yes. And I just want to emphasize, the key infrastructure work is done and that differentiates us from post-COVID and actually any time in SEEK's history. And I just want to be 100% clear about that. What that means is we said mid-to-high-single-digit cost growth through the cycle in the strategy update last year. I cannot foresee a world where we need to go above that. There would have to be some extraordinary opportunity we haven't thought about or some disaster we haven't thought about, which hopefully doesn't happen, but we can't foresee a world where we need to go above the top-end of that. And what that  sees to you (00:38:17) in your modeling is that to the extent that you believe that you get back to double-digit or above revenue growth, by definition, the jaws will widen. And the more bullish you are on the revenue, the wider the jaws will go. That's now the cost structure of the business. Excellent. That's actually really reassuring, so thank you. And then, last question. Just it's kind of like how much have you kitchen-sink the macro assumptions  (00:38:47). So, just with those ANZ low-teen declines, this might be a dumb assertion, but have you just sort of taken the last month, call it, June or July and July might have a bit worse and assumed no improvement on that month for the course of FY 2025? And if that's the case, in a world where we got interest rate cuts, would that represent upside to your assumptions? Yes. Maybe I'll comment on that, Eric. This is Peter. So, obviously, we look at the current trends but we also look at the macroeconomic forecast that you all look at for Australia. And if you look at those macroeconomic forecasts, just about all of them have unemployment drifting upwards. We know from the beverage curve and our long-term history of data that our volumes are broadly sensitive to that. And so, that's baked into our guidance as well. That is not about the trend, but that is the best forecast data that's available that you also have access to. So, that's kind of underpinning that. Got it. That's a discussion for another time, Peter. But do you think voluntary job churn or churn may be a better leading indicator for unemployment rate, i.e. in a world where the unemployment rate's fixed up but churn doesn't move much  (00:40:09)? Yeah, I can take that one. I think when we look at our forecasting for volumes, we do put all the economic variables that exist into the mix. Unemployment rate remains the closest linked when you take into account, obviously, a bit of a time lag and the shift of mix that we've seen over time. Churn definitely plays a part. The data there is not as strong. It's a bit weaker in terms of what we can use to forecast it. It clearly plays a role in how many opportunities are available. But in terms of our forecasting, we do think most about unemployment rate. Super helpful. Thanks, Kendra. Thanks, Peter. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Entcho Raykovski from E&P. Your line is now open. Good morning, everyone. So, my first question was also going to be on volumes and looking at your guidance into FY 2025. Just interested in your perspective on where you think we are in the cycle now from a volume perspective, firstly, in 2024 particularly in ANZ and where does your FY 2025 guidance take you? Certainly, it feels like it takes you well below mid-cycle, but interested in your perspective? Look, I'd say the number one thing as we know is we've got to sort of get the comparables at least to recent history out of our minds. So, the way we think about it  is we get it (00:41:38) 2019. The assumptions we've got in ANZ relative to 2019 is we've got volumes that are a bit weaker than 2019, and Asia even weaker than this relative to that base. So, in terms of where we are in the cycle, picture the world that you had in 2019 and we're assuming the underlying, to Kendra's point, the confluence of all the factors gives us an external world that's a bit worse than 2019. Now what I would say, and this is sort of quite important, is if you go back and look at the revenue we made on lower volumes in Asia and ANZ in 2019 relative to this year, there is a very material difference. And I'd really encourage people to go back and look at that. On lower volumes this time around, we've effectively shown the benefits of five years of double-digit compound yield growth. Some of it, particularly in ANZ was one-off because of the unwinding of the recruiter discounts. But it is further evidence of the progress that we have and can make in yield and the fact that even though we can never be neutral to the cycle or certainly not countercyclical, what we're showing increasingly every year is greater countercyclical stabilizers through yield, and we expect that to continue as we keep innovating on the pricing model. Okay. So, just for the avoidance of doubt, when you're making those comments, that's 2024 numbers, which you're comparing to 2019, not 2025, where you're obviously then assuming your...   (00:43:09) Sorry, 2025 as well. So, 2025 goes further. If what we're saying is 2024 was a bit below 2019, and we're showing you we're expecting a decline and showing you we're going further down relative to 2019. Okay. Got it. If you think anybody here has more positive forecast, that's an upside. Okay, great. And then just wanted to follow up on Lucy's question on yield in Asia. I mean, I think you've said high single-digit growth in yield in Asia in your outlook comments, which is consistent with ANZ. I guess, I mean, looking at some of your commentary around the benefits post-Unification, it certainly seems like we should be getting a greater yield benefit within Asia. I guess – I mean, what am I missing? Is it just you've got too many different markets for us to follow? Yeah, just seems like that number should be higher than high single-digit growth. Yeah. So, again, just – let me explain just a little bit more clearly perhaps what I explained to Lucy. So, in Asia, yes, you have multiple markets, and the emerging markets are showing really, I think, differential growth signs, albeit much lower in the denominator mix, if you will. We have beyond-the-country mix differences. We have two strategies for revenue growth that we are pursuing, each of which have counter-impacts on yield, but both of which contribute to revenue growth ahead of Australia. One is just like Australia at the high end where we are certain we can help with the placement, we will look to drive yield opportunities through a combination of depth, price, mix and pay per outcome. And we will use all those tools across Asia Pacific, as and when the data shows that we add value. That will drive yield up just like Australia. At the same time, in addition to that, we have market penetration potential that Australia doesn't have in multiple markets. That market penetration potential is going to be driven by lower-cost ad options for people currently using free today, and it could be free in the form of a structured government job board, or it could be free in the form of word of mouth or free in the form of WhatsApp. Those initiatives will drive volumes, but will drive yields down. So, the mix between yield and volume in Asia is very complicated. What we are confident of is that Asia will grow faster this year than Australia, and that's contributing to the overall revenue guidance. And we are never managing to a single yield number in Asia. We are managing to maximize revenue growth through market penetration and value add where we make high-end placements. Okay. Got it. Thanks, Peter. And the final one for me. So, I've just noticed in the accounts that a Zhaopin performance fee of about AUD 3.2 million is still being accrued. I'm interested in your thoughts as to whether that should be – whether that should be reversed given the write-down. I guess I'm just trying to reconcile the fact that asset value has gone down, and then in addition to the management fee, performance fee is also coming through for that asset? Yeah. It's a really good question, and I'm glad you asked it because it's sort of  one I know (00:47:01) will be on people's minds. When we announced split back in 2021, we said that the way that the Zhaopin and indeed the  (00:47:07) in this case, fees, are calculated are going to be different from the sort of the VC model for the rest of the portfolio. The way to think about Zhaopin fee is that there was a proportion of the management fee, which we said was going to be variable depending on valuation, effectively, rather than amounts that drive performance. And obviously, the better Zhaopin does, that proportion of the management fee gets better and better. So, there was an incentive. This was sort of the lowest percentage rate at which this part of the management fee could be calculated, and it goes up and down a bit with the valuation. So, if you were to extrapolate same value by the time you get to year five, it would probably be a total of about AUD 5 million over the five years for the variable part of the management fee. It's not as structured like the performance fee on the rest of Fund where you have hurdle rates, cost of capital, all sorts of things simply because it was a mature asset that needs to be managed on our behalf in quite a different way from the remainder of the assets in the Fund. Okay. So, you're saying the actual asset value doesn't feed into it given that maturity.   (00:48:17) It does, but only for a small portion of the fee... A small portion. Got it. ...and, yeah, up and down a little bit as you will see. The reason that we – you saw a bigger amount of  (00:48:28) because we had to do a bit of a catch-up on the accrual. So, the movement this time gives you a sort of a sense of how the fee might move. And obviously, we're hoping and expecting it will go up a bit the next couple of years because the value will come back. But even that wouldn't be a material shift unless we get some sort of knockout outcome. Okay. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Roger Samuel from Jefferies Australia. Your line is now open. Hi, everyone. I've got a couple questions. The first one just on Asia. The margins look particularly weak. I understand that you reallocated some costs, and there were more in the second half. But even if you add back the technology service costs, the margins still declined from 27% in the first half to 18% in the second half. I'm just wondering what's going on there. I understand it took some – you have a new product development. But how should we be thinking about margin into Asia going forward as the business scales? Yeah. Thanks. This is Peter. Just broadly, yeah, you're correct. Beyond the accounting changes, so the accounting differences and investments in new growth initiatives actually explain – the combination of them together explain the vast majority of the margin story; in fact, almost all the margin story in Asia over the last year. To the second point, which is what you're pointing out, actually, if you look at the underlying core costs of Asia, it's relatively flat year-over-year, but we are using Asia for experimentation and new growth initiatives, in particular, pay-per-outcome initiatives and also the blue-collar initiative led by JobStreet Express. Those are the two largest investments. Those are the other contributions in addition to the accounting changes. For the longer-term margin, do you have any guidance you can give us, like the 20%, 25%? I think, Roger, when we spoke in previous years, we spoke about a Asia margin ambition of 50%. I think, on a like-for-like basis, taking the technology fees into account now, that sort of rebases to the low 30s. Again, that's no impact on the overall business margin, just simply on the segment margin for Asia. I think heading back to those low 30s is realistic given the new technology service arrangements. Yeah. Okay. Great. My second question is on your guidance. So, your cost growth on a like-for-like basis is growing at about 4% in FY 2025. So that's at the lower end of your mid- to high-single-digit through the cycle. Can you break that 4% down perhaps? The cost is growing by more than 4% on a gross basis, but perhaps there's an offset from not having to run your legacy IT systems post the completion of the Unification program? Sure, I can break down some of the themes. I mean, I think if you look at some of the areas where costs are not growing, certainly, some of the kind of core corporate functions now that we've got Salesforce, Workday ERP, we're able to, for example, operate in APAC finance function more efficiently than we have been in the past. Likewise, on some of the technology costs, we've been able to achieve a higher-quality outcome without the same cost level. So, for example, cybersecurity, continuing to invest there, but on a much smaller footprint than in the past. So, there's certainly been savings from Unification, more on the kind of the core systems. And that's why those areas we expect to stay broadly flat. To the extent that there's inflation, we'll  cover out (00:52:34) productivity. There's been a few areas where, in ANZ, for example, customer service, we've been able to reduce costs because volumes have dropped off here. We've simply not had as many calls to enter as that volumes have gone down in the year. So that's another area. And those savings have allowed us to refocus the investment back in the core product in AI areas where we want to be sure we're moving ahead and where we see the real growth opportunities in the future. I got it. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nick Basile from CLSA. Your line is now open. Nick Basile from CLSA. Your line is now open. Morning, all. A few questions from me. Asia placements. I think Peter was saying that there were some competitive dynamics there that you could talk to, so just interested what that look like. The second one is on new products in Asia, but I guess you could talk to Australia as well. Just interested to sort of understand when or at what point we get to an area where we're out of the experimentation phase and out of the aggressive investment phase. And how does competition or AI impact that timing? And then the final one on ANZ, I think there were comments made about higher yields on a lower absolute volume of paid ads versus five years ago. So just interested to understand what that might imply about placement share. I think you've provided it on a like-for-like basis over the last one to two years, but can you comment on placement share versus five years ago? Thanks. Let me just quickly take number three. Basically, we've got a different methodology now and I should emphasize that we've understated the placement relative to the last methodology because we've given – going over six months here just the last print. It's roughly the same as it was in 2019, despite the fact that we've now got materially higher yield on that. Let me hand over to Peter on the Asia question and Simon might want to talk a bit about product. Yeah. So, on Asia placement, just again, out of the six markets, we are strong and bullish on placement trajectory in four out of six. And what we see in the Philippines and Singapore in particular is a bit of softness to largely three players, which is then the focus of our premium efforts, starting with the Philippines and now expanding across the region. So – and in the year of Unification, we were just able to get started on that in April and May after Unification got completed. So that answers the first question. I'll start with the second and hand over to Simon. So in general, new products, whether it's be in Asia or across, we start with small experiments and then expand slowly as we see successes. So for example, paper outcome trial that we have in Asia, we started in Hong Kong we're now happy enough. We're bullish enough to expand to one or two markets, but not yet across the region. And we'll generally take that philosophy as a pipeline of initiatives across the region. So I'll hand over to Simon to expand on that. Thanks. I'll just address the point around it coming out of an impressive investment. I would say to Ian's earlier point, we're in a normal investment phase now where we get leverage out of the platform. So, on that basis, if you take from the top down, what we're trying to do from a product perspective is there's enormous value headroom that we create that seems we think there's more we can do. And our focus is on building products and services to sustain the yield growth well into the future. That means we're always experimenting in this year for next year's growth. So you can – if you – like some of you would have seen lots of experiments going on in our platform around monetization, particularly over the last six months as we come out of Unification. I don't really ever expect, to Peter's point, that to stop. We'll continue to optimize. And we'll focus on those value drivers that we talked about, which is increased volume of performance, increased quality of performance, time to hire, and certainty – and yes, I don't think we'll ever stop doing that. In any one year, the yield will be supported by investments we have made in the prior year that we see as an ongoing pattern. And the only other thing I'd add to that, and I'll just let Grant talk to one aspect in a minute. There's now just for the interest of clarity, there's no such thing now is building a product for Asia or building for Australia, is building once and choosing where to turn it on. So everything we pilot and like is instantly ready give or take for all the markets. The other interesting thing, which Grant just might want to talk about for a minute is because of the Unification, we've now got aggregated data and the fact that we've now got aggregated data across the whole footprint for the benefit of our AI models, I think it can make a really material difference. And Grant, you  must like (00:58:06) talk about that for a minute. Yes. So having common data across all markets in the same format just allows us to build these models and leverage both local data in the market as well as data across the region. So, we can build one model architecture roll it out to multiple markets and get the benefit of the local data in that market plus the scale of the entire region. It's also simplified our analytics capability and our data pipelines because we have one source of truth. And then analyzing the performance of our products becomes much more streamlined. And just to finish off on that point because obviously, AI plays  (00:58:42) at the moment. Grant was reminding me this morning, the first time we had a senior person at SEEK with AI in their title was 11 years ago. It's not the last six months or two or three years. We've elevated and elevated and now obviously with Grant's support at the group executive level. But although the technology is now at an exponential rate of innovation, the capability here is more than a decade old. And again, you can see in the demonstrated outcomes in the results what kind of benefits that's giving us. Okay. Great. Just a follow-up. In terms of the example in Hong Kong and rolling it out elsewhere. I mean, earlier on in your discussion, I think there was a comment that there's going to be years before we saw outcome-based pricing in Australia. So just trying to reconcile sort of where the balance like? And is it just the case of Asia first? Just to clarify the comment, the question we were answering earlier, Nick, is the results of outcome-based pricing are not material to the FY 2025 yield guidance. What we do believe strongly is that outcome-based pricing is a significant component of our medium-term strategic guidance and our AUD 2 billion contribution. So the comment that was made earlier was specific to a question on yield in FY 2025. Okay. Yes, now that makes sense. Thanks. Your next question comes from the line of Fraser McLeish from MST Marquee. Your line is now open. Great. Thanks. Just on the volume decline we're seeing in ANZ at the moment. Obviously, it's important to get comfort and that is cyclical and not due to other factors like higher pricing or competitive factors. So obviously, the placement survey is super helpful in that. But have you got any other internal benchmarking that you do or other observations you can point to just to give us comfort around that. Thanks. Yes, it's a good question. We had this exact discussion with the board yesterday. The placement survey is what it is, right? It's a survey-based outcome. That's why we never make a huge emphasis on it when it goes up or down a bit and one thing. But what we would say is that together with all the other brand metrics, and we measure all sorts of different things, everything is putting in the same direction. And actually, among the executive leadership team where the last placement result came out a couple of weeks ago, the executive team knew it was coming because it follows all the other strong brand metrics, which have been happening for the last four or five months. So, we don't overdo it. It's a good sign. It's not the only sign, but together with all the other brand metrics, we're as confident as we could possibly be on the relative competitive position. Great. Thanks. I will now turn the call back to Ian Narev for closing comments. Well, thank you very much. I think we really appreciate all of your time. We'll be seeing many of you over the coming days. I would like to note this is the last result we're going to have Kate Koch here. She has been in the room, as I said, have been quiet. We know you'll be very kind on it, because probably 90% of you will see her in IDP. But we've enjoyed having Kate, and we want to thank her very much. And to the rest of you, thanks again very much for your questions. As always, for those of you we don't see feel free to follow up through Dan, and we're happy to provide further information. So thanks all of you. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 
            