
            Management Discussion: Good morning and welcome to the Severfield Plc Interim Results Investor Presentation. Throughout this presentation, investors will be in listen-only mode. Questions are encouraged and they can be submitted any time displayed in the Q&A tab situated in the right corner of your screen. Simply type in your questions and press send. The company may not be in a position to answer every question received in the meeting itself. However, the company can review the questions submitted today and publish responses where it's appropriate to do so. Before we begin, I'd like to note the following poll. I'll now like to hand you over to CEO, Alan Dunsmore. Good morning to you, sir. Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for – thanks for joining. So, there's four key themes I want to cover in this morning's presentation. The first is our half one performance, where we showed both revenue and underlying profit growth. And Adam Semple, CFO, will talk a bit more detail on that in a few slides time. Then, we want to address the bridge remedial works, which we highlighted in Tuesday's results press release. Then, we want to talk about the current market backdrop and the short-term outlook. And finally, we want to pick up for the medium to long-term outlook and group strategy, which we believe remains very positive. Moving, without further ado, to the bridge remedial works as one of the main headlines of Tuesday's results release. The group identified some structures that weren't in compliance with client weld specification requirements, mainly on 12 ongoing or completed projects. We believe the main cause  has risen out (00:01:42) of a particular bridge fabrication specification and related suboptimal choices of welding procedures. So, in essence, we believe that we have chosen to build these bridges. It's not the bridge design per se,  we've chosen to build (00:01:54) these bridges in a particular way, which has led to suboptimal welding procedures. That's been exacerbated by the limitations of the specified weld testing regime. So, all welding needs testing to validate it at the end of the  production (00:02:11) process. And we're seeing, A, the suboptimal choices for weld, and B, the impact of that wasn't picked up as it might otherwise have been from a testing regime. We're  noting (00:02:25) a comprehensive review undertaken with affected clients, the relevant industry bodies and insurers. Testing and remedial work is ongoing. And it's important to note that the issue has not affected the safety of any operational bridges. That's a really very important, important point. Work is ongoing for us on new bridges for a variety of clients. And with the new bridges starting to fabricate, we are confident of meeting the required specifications. A lot's been learned from the issues identified previously.  Changes were put (00:03:00) in place and we're confident of meeting the required specifications for new bridges with client support and reassurance there. The – we're estimating that we will take an non-underlying charge in H1 of £20.4 million for eight of the bridge projects with an estimated costs. We're continuing to assess the further cost, if any, for four bridge projects that's ongoing. And these costs exclude any potential recoveries. And preliminary indications suggest a good prospect of  (00:03:34) from our professional indemnity insurance policy. Moving on then to the current market backdrop. We've been talking for the last 12 months about the relative weakness of the UK market, particularly in the distribution warehouse sector  (00:04:01) particularly there. And in June, when we spoke, we were seeing some signs of upturn in the UK. The pricing was still tight. What we're seeing this week is that, that upturn hasn't been coming through as strong as we might have hoped, and the pricing remains tight, and that's impacting the profitability in the short term. We're continuing to see good projects coming to the market, but a number of larger projects we thought may have been  confirmed (00:04:37) by this time of the year, have either been delayed or canceled. These were never in the order book, but they were very much part of our pipeline. And so, they have either been delayed or canceled, which has left us more exposed to the continuing weakness in the UK market. Notwithstanding that, we're continuing to make progress in the European market sectors with the acquisition in Holland last year. We're quite busy in Europe, in general,  as you'll see (00:05:05) the order book, at least, are on. And we remain, we believe, well-positioned in market with positive long-term growth opportunities. And our medium-term growth targets remain unchanged. And then, we'll talk a little bit more about that as we focus in the UK sectors later on. I'll now hand over to Adam, who will take us through the H1 results in a bit more detail. Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Just to run you through a strong set of underlying results for H1. Revenue for the period was £252.3 million, which is an increase of 17% over the previous period, and that mainly represents an increase in production activity and over a comparable period, that was adversely impacted by the cancelation of Sunset Studios in July 2023, which we flagged in the previous year-end results. Underlying operating profit was £17.2 million. That was up 16% over the previous period and that mainly represents improved performance from our Core Construction Operations division. Share of profit from JVs and associates, that was £0.4 million, and that includes £0.1 million from JSSL, where lower H1 profits have been driven by short-term delays to existing and expected projects before and after the Indian elections in June 2024. Underlying PBT of £16.1 million, is up 14% over the previous period. And the interim dividend of £0.014 per share is unchanged from last half year. Overall, as Alan has said, due to the current tighter pricing environment, which is impacting our profitability in the short-term and delays and cancels to a number of large project opportunities that are impacting FY 2026, as Alan picked up on earlier, we now expect underlying profit for the full year to be below our previous expectations. And in addition, the recent increase in national employment rates and national insurance rates announced by the government, and the budget will impact us from 2026 onwards, we estimate that the increase – sorry, we estimate that the combination of the reduction in the NI threshold and also the increase in the rate will increase our cost by around £2 million per annum. We'll obviously look at options to mitigate this, but that's proving more difficult in the current tighter pricing environment. Turning over next to our main division. Revenue for Core Construction Operations totaled £47.2 million, and that was an increase of 19% over the previous period. In our C&I division, revenues increased by 23% to £205 million, mainly due to the increase in production activity that I talked about earlier. And in N&I, revenues remained broadly flat at £42.2 million. From a profit perspective, underlying operating profit has increased by 16% to £17.1 million, reflecting the increase in revenue and also some final account upsides, which have helped offset the current tighter prices that we're seeing, particularly in the distribution and short cycle infrastructure sectors. Despite this short-term softness, our strategic targets in C&I and N&I remain unchanged. So, in C&I, we're targeting revenue growth in line with GDP and N&I with medium-term target to grow revenues to £125 million plus supported by the green energy transition projects. And for both divisions, our margin target is a normal 8% to 10%. Turning to Modular Solutions. Just as a reminder, our Modular Solutions division consists of our wholly-owned modular business, SMS and also CMF, which is our joint venture cold-rolled steel business based in Wales. Although revenue of around £10 million represents a slight decrease than the previous period, overall profitability for the division has remained unchanged. The lack of revenue growth in H1 reflects some delays to higher margin Severstor orders that we now expect to deliver in H2. The divisional PBT of £0.4 million also includes 300,000 share of profit from CMF, and the improved profitability at CMF reflects increased volumes in the period, as the business continues to ramp up its expanded production facilities in Wales. And again, similar to the previous division, our strategic target in Modular Solutions is also unchanged, with a medium-term target to grow combined SMS and CMF revenues between £75 million and £100 million at margins of 10% plus. On India, JSSL has reported a broadly breakeven position in H1. This reflects revenue of £49 million, largely unchanged from the previous period, reflecting an output 31,000 tonnes compared to 32,000 tonnes in H1 of the previous year. The lack of growth in India reflects some short-term delays to existing and expected projects and again, that was before and after the Indian elections, which we very much see as a short-term thing in India. The lower profits have also been driven by lower operating margins of 5.1% compared to 7.5% in the previous period, and that's been driven by factory production gaps, partly due to suboptimal mix of subcontracted work. Finance costs are unchanged in the previous period and they reflect continued high level of borrowings and also higher letter of credit costs that are linked to steel purchases. And overall, we still remain very optimistic about India. And despite the lower activity levels in H1, output in H2 is expected to increase, reflecting the volume of work in JSSL's record order book. And we remain very positive about the long-term trajectory of the Indian market and also the significant value creation potential of JSSL. On to non-underlying items. In H1, over and above our normal non-cash amortization of acquired intangible assets, amortizations include the cost of £20.4 million associated with the ongoing program of bridge remediation work that Alan touched on earlier. As a reminder, in H2 of the previous financial year, we recorded a non-underlying legacy employment tax charge of £4.4 million relating to an assessment raised by HMRC for historical income tax and national insurance liabilities. We continue to dispute this amount and discussions are ongoing with HMRC to attempt to reach a settlement, which we expect to be completed by the end of the current financial year. And then, finally, for me on cash flow. The group's balance sheet and cash position remains healthy. Period-end net debt, excluding the IFRS 16 lease liabilities, was £11.6 million, and that included outstanding acquisition loans of £17 million. The half year net debt position reflects an operating cash inflow of £21 million, offset by an outflow from working capital of £8.4 million, which represents the unwinding of advance payments held in the balance sheet in March 2024. Period-end working capital, excluding the advance payments, was around 5% of sales, and that is at right in the middle of our normal 4% to 6% range. We've also spent money in H1 on bridge remedial – bridge testing and remedial costs – cash costs of about – of around £3 million, and the remaining remedial cash costs of £15 million to £17 million will be incurred in the second half of the year.   We spent (00:12:07) money on CapEx of £3.1 and that represents the continuation of the group's capital investment program. Share purchases of £4.1 million under the ongoing share buyback scheme and other cash items of £4.4 million, which include normal tax and interest payments. And finally, returning to working capital, we expect a further outflow of around £5 million in H2, as the customer advances  to be (00:12:29) unwind. Given this and factoring expected bridge remedial cash costs of £15 million in H2, we're now guiding to a net debt position of £45 million at the end of FY 2025, including the acquisition  up to £30 million (00:12:41). And that provides us with headroom of more than £30 million on our current group facilities. I'll now hand back to Alan to take you through the rest of the presentation. Thank you, Adam. So looking forward, I just want to start with a reminder of our strategy, which has been driving the progress of the group over the last few years. Three main legs. One is driving growth. We've positioned the group in number of growth markets, which will grow and driving the green energy transition, building a stronger geographical position in Europe. We've now combined the Dutch business that we bought last year with our existing European operations with frameworks and contracts in Nuclear and Infrastructure division and our Modular Solutions business is continuing to move in the right direction as we'll say a little bit more on this later on. All that's underpinned by the continued focus on operational excellence, production efficiencies, digital transformation through Project Horizon, I'll say a little bit more on that in a second and continued innovation. And thirdly is to continue to build value with the Indian JV, as Adam talked about and I'll say a bit more about it later in the presentation as well. Before we do a deeper dive into the kind of UK and Europe, a little bit Project Horizon, we're now  18 months 2 years (00:14:10) into this. There's a number of projects.  They successfully, they're both living short-term target (00:14:15) and laying the foundations for larger projects in the next phase, that includes a new estimating system, integrating all the different aspects,  including technology (00:14:26) and estimate making what I call reliable, insightful, the time – digital time recording system to generate quicker information, more efficiently, barcoding steel, which then helps and certainly helps us to build a live  as built (00:14:39) digital twin models to provide some real-time insights into performance and improved Commercial – improved project performance and Commercial  margins (00:14:49). A lot of  interesting things going on there (00:14:50) behind the scenes, which we believe will help facilitate and  give significant (00:14:55) increasing competitive edge in the years ahead. Moving on then to sort of a deeper dive into the UK and Europe. The total  headline (00:15:08) order book has reduced since last time. That's largely a timing issue. So, some of the market softness is larger timing issues. One or two large projects, we are pretty comfortable we're going to get, which are in the order book, we're expecting within the next week or two, which would close that gap somewhat. But we are seeing a sort of slight softness in Commercial and Industrial, reflecting the other comments at the beginning, but good strength in the underlying Nuclear and Infrastructure order book. You can see the importance of Europe and Ireland below, but it was – that making up about almost two-thirds of the total order book. Here is our slide on the green energy transition, which is an update of a version we shared last time, just highlighting the range of projects that we're seeing coming towards us across a range of sectors which will actually benefit both divisions, both in Commercial and Industrial and Nuclear and Infrastructure divisions. And we are seeing an increasing level of  bidding tender (00:16:16) activity in some of these areas as each month goes by. So, we're – we remain pretty confident that will be a strong net increase  in work (00:16:25) from this green energy transition over the next three, four, five years and beyond. So, looking more at the Commercial and Industrial order book, as we usually do. We have the current mix there on the left-hand side, along to the right-hand side, our kind of view of the future. The top two commercial office and data centers, they're  following a strong card (00:16:51) of the order book, the kind of the sideways line across it means we believe these sectors will remain strong for the foreseeable future. We're seeing strong pipelines in both these areas in UK and Europe, and we see the sector being strong for the foreseeable future with some quite exciting projects on the horizon. Industrial, as we would pick up some of the big industrial plants and battery plants, wind turbine plants and so on, that's little bit softer than the last time, but that will pick back up again when we – some of these new projects I spoke about in the next week or two come into the order book. And we see demand for that. We see that picking up  (00:17:35) the order book in the next one, two, three years as well. Distribution remains a kind of almost at historic  low in the share (00:17:44) of the order book, it's more normally 15%, 20% or above. So, we do see that recovering. There is a pipeline that's there. It's just not coming through right at the moment, but we do expect it will pick up at some point. And then we have other stadia and leisure projects in the pipeline. We're sort of in a kind of – that kind of pipeline  (00:18:04) more lumpy fashion. We did recently the new Everton Stadium and the new Co-op Live Arena in Manchester. These are both complete. But there are more projects in the pipeline, which we think we'll commence the order book in the next one, two, three years as well. And again, down below, you can see the importance of Europe and Ireland to that business and now, which you see, we've strengthened that geographic position over the last three or four years. Moving on to the Nuclear and Infrastructure, that remains strong. And the thing to remember also with this sector is that, we also have framework agreements which give us visibility of demand beyond the order book for several years –  especially for the next (00:18:57) several years depending on the project. So, we're pretty confident that demand will remain solid and even increase in the coming years. And the next slide, this is an update of a slide we've shared before, before the election about, there is really this strong view that there's a decade of UK infrastructure growth ahead in a number of  areas (00:19:20) that we've outlined on the slide. So, we believe we're well-placed to benefit from all of that as it comes through over the next few years. Finally on Modular Solutions, it's still small, but we're seeing a lot of very exciting business developments that are taking place. We're having more and more discussions with more clients over more product opportunities, more contract opportunities,  (00:19:56) some skills. We're pretty confident that modularization sector in general is growing and our pipeline is growing and that we will see growth in the order book taking us towards our medium-term targets. It includes both the Severstor and steel containerization of a range of different products for data centers, more difficult to access industrial locations. We could say backup power supplies in there, switchgear in there and increasing range of things that clients think about when they think about how to modularize and speed up on-site construction that they're doing more and more offsite. Alongside that is the sort of a growth in modular building, which uses our cold rolled steel capability from CMF mixed with our – some of our hot rolled capability. We're seeing growing demand for these in a range of different  (00:20:48) and accommodation structures as well. We can see education, healthcare, to some extent modular homes and we're pretty confident that the growth of all these sectors in the years ahead, based on ongoing discussions with – that with clients, with the big clients themselves, we're keen to be able to support. Turning back to India, which we mentioned earlier on. The order book is at a record level and there's a number of high-quality projects in the pipeline which is growing. We're really seeing significant growth opportunities both in India, in new sectors in India, existing sectors, and also some export markets, such as Saudi Arabia where there's really quite significant investment plans in the coming years. And we have got people on the ground in Saudi Arabia on a regular basis looking to sort of support that growth as well. So, really, there's no shortage of opportunities ahead of us in the Indian business. To support that, we are slightly accelerating our expansion plans and the development of our new site in Gujarat is underway and we are planning to have to increase our in-house production capacity from about 100,000 tonnes to 180,000 tonnes by the end of the financial year 2025, 2026. To support that and to help drive that, we're sort of building out our frontend sales and estimating teams and supply chain subcontractor partnerships to make sure we have everything in place to support the expansion that's coming towards us. And that's all been driven by a strong construction sector in India, a strong growing economy and also steel growing its share of the construction market from below 10%, up towards the more normal levels, 25% to 30%. We're seeing  other (00:22:49) developing and developed a market, so there is really  (00:22:52) some strong growth drivers there. We're seeing  the new (00:22:54) pipeline opportunities in there as we're building capacity and we are – we remain very positive on the direction of travel  there (00:23:01). You can see the order book over the page, there it is at record levels. We've had some short-term low volumes  (00:23:13) in H1 because of the election-related delays, Adam talked about and new orders coming in and some of those  unable (00:23:23) to execute some of the order book work as well. But the order book, it is there, the pipeline's strengthening. And we're pretty positive about what lies ahead. So, with that, we  get to (00:23:39) the kind of summary and outlook. We have a kind of short-term challenging market backdrop with a pricing remain tight and some large opportunities, we're expecting around have now been delayed  (00:23:57) short-term. The bridge weld issues we've highlighted are being addressed constructively with all affected parties. We're all working really through that and because of the short-term market weakness and softness there, profits for the full year are now expected to be below previous expectation as we technically said on Tuesday. But beyond that, the order book remains large and diversified. We're very positive about India and the value creation, and we believe, as we've set out here, that we've positioned the group well to capitalize on the growth in our existing segments and a wider range of segments, both with the green energy transition and infrastructure and geographic with Europe in the years ahead and our medium-term growth targets remain unchanged. That brings an end to the formal part of the presentation. And we now move on to  (00:24:54) we have some questions already which we will start through. 
            Questions and Answers: Perfect. Thank you very much for your presentation. Ladies and gentlemen, please do continue to submit your questions. You can do that just by using the Q&A tab, which is situated in the top right corner of your screen. We have had some questions through already today. And Alan, Adam, if I could just hand back to you to read out the questions where appropriate to do so, if you can provide a response that'd great. And I'll pick up from you both at the end. Thank you very much. So, the first question is, have we identified the majority of the costs incurred to address the bridge issues? I think as we're seeing – I think I'll make a general point that the, we will do our best to answer questions on bridge, but there are obviously some we will be unable to answer for quite confidentiality reasons or because there's still, still work ongoing. But we'll answer what we can. And on this question, I think we can clarify it. We've identified £20.4 million of cost related to the testing and  remedial works relating (00:25:58) to eight of the bridge projects we've identified. And there's a further four that we are still assessing what costs, if any,  are likely going to be (00:26:08) incurred. So, we have in the account, we disclosed that in the half year account,  (00:26:14) contingent liability for that. So, we've quantified and identified what we can and we're working through to identify the balance as quickly as we can. The next question is, what does it look like with the current challenging market conditions? I think what we've telegraphed is that this year will be  (00:26:39) below previous expectations that will fall to some extent into next year. But the underlying we're seeing strong growth coming towards us in the UK and Europe across a range of sectors. We saw in the last week or two also a report from a company called Glenigan, who is the main tracker of UK construction market opportunities through pipelines, tenders, bids and so on. And that report is predicting a construction sector boom over the next two to three years, which is what we – aligned with our view and our clients' view and  we hope (00:27:22) we start seeing more evidence of that over the next 12 months, which will sort of a start to build the pipeline, the building blocks for the following years. So, I think  (00:27:34) our view and the kind of two to three-year outlook and beyond remains very positive. The next question is about the Indian JV. How is the Indian JV performing? I think that we can see in H1, it was a little bit soft entirely due to some of the delays on executable work leading to lower volumes in the factory. But you can see the order book is at record levels. The pipeline is growing. So, aside from a very short-term softness, we don't see that having any impact on the growth trajectory we're expecting or  our plans to (00:28:19) develop that and grow volumes over the next few years, up from around about 100,000 tonnes a year to 253,000 tonnes a year, which is a strategy that the JV board is working towards. Next question. Does the board – the company will benefit from government plans for infrastructure or demand – the market demands  (00:28:44)? No, I think that the – referring back to the slide there, I think the – we've been saying for 12 months, 18 months that the long-term UK infrastructure spend is becoming very clearly defined, and we – our view was that, that was always independent of whichever government was in power, and I think that we're still seeing that kind of 10 years of investment ahead, covering a whole range of different areas as we outlined. So, we do think the company will benefit from the government plans for infrastructure spend over that, say, over that period, which is a – we feel quite positive about it. Next question, what strategy is in place to address tighter price in the UK and European markets, and how should you expect these pressures to ease? Really interesting point. What we normally see is, pricing is tighter when underlying demand in our sectors or sectors below us is weaker. So, people are really kind of a – people with existing capacity are scrubbing around trying to fill that to some extent to cover their costs. That's sort of where we feel we are. Just now with the outlook ahead of us across all these sectors, we think that position will change and demand will pick up across a range of sectors over the next one, two, three years. And when that does come through, that will fill out the existing capacity and that will support pricing rising back to more normal levels again to support growth and profitability. If we didn't have that positive outlook for the future, I think we would be looking at different things just to look at our cost base and capacity and so on. But we feel the current position is very short-term, because not only we, but a wide range of people, as reinforced by the Glenigan's report I referenced earlier on, believe that, yes, there's going to be strong growth and demand for structural steel in the UK and Europe in the coming years, which will utilize the existing capacity more and support a return to more normal pricing. So, that's what we believe will happen and we expect to see signs of that unfolding over the next, say, 12 months or so. So that's all the questions we have so far. I don't know if there's any more come in. I think that's it for now. But just before redirecting investors to provide with their feedback, which I know is particularly important to the company, Alan, if I could ask for a few closing comments that'd great? Thank you. Yes. No, first of all, thank you, all, again for your time and your attention. Obviously, kind of a wider range of issues covered in this morning's presentation than the normal, some more challenging issues in the short-term to work through, which we will work through. But beyond that, our medium-term outlook and confidence remains unchanged and we remain very positive with kind of the growth aspirations we have for the next two to three years and beyond. And I hope I've been able to outline why that's the case. And we look forward to that. So, thank you, again, for your time and attention and for your support and your interest. Alan, Adam, thank you for updating investors today. Could I please ask investors not to close the session as you're now be automatically redirected to provide your feedback in order that the management team can better understand your views and expectations. This will only take a few moments to complete, but I'm sure will be greatly valued by the company. On behalf of the management team of Severfield Plc, we'd like to thank you for attending today's presentation, and good morning to you all. 
            