
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Sims Limited FY 2024 Results Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Stephen Mikkelsen, CEO. Please go ahead. Thank you and good morning, good afternoon or good evening, depending on where you're dialing in from. Today, we are here to present the full year results for FY 2024. Presenting with me today is Warrick Ranson, our CFO; Rob Thompson, our Global Chief Commercial Officer, is also here with me and Warrick. The presentation has been lodged with the ASX, along with the results release. First up, I will run through an overview of the results, take a look at where the market is at, and then focus on the progress we have made in implementing our business strategy, particularly in North America. Warrick will then take us through the financials. At the end, I will return to talk about the outlook, after which we will have Q&A. I will turn straight to slide 5, which covers an overview of the results. There is no doubt when you look at the year-on-year comparison of the results, it was a difficult year. Warrick is going to dissect the results in some detail in later slides. So, let me just make three overall comments. Firstly, it is a better result than we thought when we updated the market in early May. If you recall at that time, we were seeing a weaker second half from ANZ and SAR, and a somewhat better second half from UK and North America. ANZ, in fact, delivered a very similar second half, which was great. And UK and NAM delivered their improvements. Accordingly, underlying EBIT came in around AUD 43 million, whereas we were originally thinking more AUD 20 million to AUD 25 million. So overall, it was an encouraging second half performance from the Metal business. Secondly, sales volumes for the full year were down by 1.7% despite being up a little at the half year, and we also had the benefit of a full six months of volumes in the second half from Baltimore Scrap. This volume reduction was deliberate as we concentrated on improving margins and not just getting volume for volume sake, and we are starting to see the benefits of this. Thirdly, we need to show even more diligence on our operating costs. Yes, a significant part of the increase was due to acquisitions, but inflationary pressures are proving to be stubborn. Turning to slide 6. I'm very proud of what we have achieved here. It can be easy and tougher times for safety to slip as everyone focuses on financial improvements. We didn't let that happen. And despite integrating 17 new sites, our total recordable injury frequency rate is now below 1. I genuinely believe we have achieved this through focusing on lead indicators. The next couple of slides look at the market. Firstly, on slide 7, we look at four trends contributing to the overall market dynamics. In the top left-hand box, you have Chinese steel exports, including 2024 annualized numbers. China is exporting a lot of steel and this is depressing prices in Asia, which is directly impacting on our West Coast NAM and Australia regions that export scrap to Asia. And indirectly, East Coast NAM and UK where we export to Turkey. Turkish producers are increasingly using imported slab and billets from China and Russia, reducing their reliance on US scrap. Additionally, Turkey consumed more domestic scrap, which is made available after the earthquake, further subduing the demand for imported scrap. The US scrap market has remained relatively strong, largely due to the significant share of electric arc furnace steel production. Continued growth is anticipated, supported by policy and regulatory protections. The top right-hand box highlights the ever increasing demand for scrap in the USA, which underpins our strategic focus on this region. The two bottom charts help explain why scrap was currently in short supply. Durable goods sales are down, which reduces shredder feed, and people are holding onto their cards longer, resulting in further reductions. Turning to pricing dynamics in the market on slide 8. Ferrous prices have been reasonably stable over the last couple of years and, overall, the FY 2024 average is pretty similar to FY 2023 at a reasonably healthy AUD 400 per tonne. Historically, a number that would have seen pretty good flows of scrap. However, inflationary pressures on the cost of collecting scrap and less scrap in the market for the reasons given on the previous slide means that the price is going to have to increase to stimulate further scrap  arisings (00:05:18). Freight costs have risen over the year but is still below the FY 2023 average. Zorba prices were healthy in FY 2023 and have increased even further in FY 2024 due to the continued strong nonferrous prices. Slide 9 expands on our disclosure at the half year where we use a pie chart to show our relative performance across the regions in three different areas: one, the sourcing of scrap from dealers compared to other sources; two, domestic sales compared to export sales; and three, unprocessed intake compared to processed intake. This slide shows the movement by region in each of those areas, first half versus second half. The most pleasing aspect for me was the significant 8 percentage point increase in unprocessed material that NAM achieved. This assisted in improving the second half EBIT result in NAM. Even more tellingly, with the significant EBIT improvement in the fourth quarter as the benefits of buying unprocessed scrap started to materialize. All the pie charts we presented at the half year are available in the appendix. Moving on to a strategic update commencing on slide 11. This slide provides a nice summary of our updated business strategy. I will leave you to read the slide in detail, but let me summarize a few key points. Importantly, our purpose to create a world without waste to preserve our planet hasn't changed. However, following the sale of the UK and Closed Loop businesses, we have definitely tightened our operational footprint to the United States, Australia, and New Zealand. Additionally, we have our high growth prospect in SLS to repurpose the cloud. Our redefined strategic priorities reflect where we want to take the business; elevating supplier and customer centricity, simplifying business structures and using data to improve our market responsiveness, a much bigger focus on margin from both sourcing and production perspectives. Global logistics are important to our success, particularly in ensuring we deliver product to the most valuable market. We must deliver all the operational and commercial priorities within a robust financial management framework. Finally, there needs to be a cultural shift. It's not a cultural revolution. Rather, it is emphasizing the importance of being agile in a volatile market and taking accountability for making decisions closer to the  coal phase (00:08:03). Slide 12 provides a little more detail on how we have commenced simplifying structures to improve our market responsiveness. The executive team reporting to me has been simplified and reduced to six people. By following the simplification mantra down through our organization, we have removed 206 roles, saving an annualized AUD 46 million. Turning to slide 13. From a commercial perspective, there were two major initiatives we worked on in the second half. The first was the UK strategic review and this has now concluded with the sale of UK Metal. The second was turning around the financial performance of North American Metal (sic) [North America Metal] (00:08:45). Various buy-side and sell-side improvements are listed on the left-hand side of the slide. But it is the tangible outcome of these initiatives I want to highlight. You can see in the top left-hand chart, we have improved our optionality to switch between domestic and export sales, depending on market conditions. This is further reinforced in the bottom left-hand chart, with a more domestic oriented freight modes have increased year-on-year, and this has provided more optionality. Our shredder utilization has improved in the second half as we purchased more unprocessed scrap. It is also worth noting the chart on the bottom right showing a 32% increase in the ferrous by sell spread. Internally, we find this a very useful way of looking at how effectively we are buying from a margin perspective. It removes some of the noise in the accounting trading margin arising from swings such as the weighted average cost of inventory, timing of historic sales, overhead costs imputed into inventory, revenue recognition rules, et cetera. It simply calculates how much should we pay for scrap in the month compared to the FOB selling price for that month. You can see the improvement in NAM second half on first half. Slide 14 highlights some of the cultural changes that helped deliver the improvements highlighted on slide 13, particularly around being agile and accountable. We made significant organizational changes, streamlining or refreshing a total of 12 key roles. To strengthen our team, we brought in new talent from outside the organization. Additionally, we expanded the roles of two key talents acquired from Baltimore Scrap and NEMT, ensuring we have the right leadership in place to drive our strategy forward. We enhanced oversight by temporarily aligning NAM's commercial leadership under our Global CCO, Rob Thompson, with a graduated succession plan in place to ensure smooth leadership and continuity in our strategic direction. Finally, we've also had our teams by providing them with critical data, enabling better decision making and more strategic alignment. Slide 15 shows the four major acquisitions that we have made in NAM and looks at the rationale, execution and future opportunities for each. I'm not going to read out all the boxes, but I do want to highlight a few things. Firstly, the consistent rationale for all the acquisitions is that they add to the strength of our existing portfolio. Therefore, from a strategic execution perspective, it was very important to ensure that they operated to the benefit of our whole portfolio, not the individual businesses that we acquired. Now that these acquisitions have been successfully integrated, our focus is on expanding and strengthening our footprint in ferrous and non-ferrous. We are at different stages with each acquisition and while some are fully embedded, others, like NEMT and Baltimore Scrap, will require additional optimization work as we continue to improve the NAM portfolio. However, they present upside potential and we are excited about the opportunities that brings. A change of pace on slide 16, as we look at the SLS business. Clearly, it has had a very good financial year delivering well over a 100% EBIT increase on the prior year. It has proven its business model and is ready to continue its growth. We don't see any major changes to its strategy to deliver that growth. It will continue to expand its footprint through quality-led execution, improved productivity and optimize its scale through the further use of robotic and digital technology. It remains a relatively capital-light business, which assists in delivering shareholder value. My final slide before handing over to Warrick is slide 17. Financial year 2024 can be characterized as a very tough market. With the notable exception of SLS, all regions delivered lower EBIT in FY 2024 than FY 2023. ANZ and SA Recycling performed very well in the tough market. NAM and UK struggled, particularly in the first half. On this slide, we highlight the initiatives we have undertaken and in many cases, will continue to undertake. None of them relied on assistance from the market and we therefore within the things that we can control, I believe they have laid the foundation to improve performance, even in the event the current tough markets persist. I'll hand over to Warrick now for more detailed look at the financials. Many thanks, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. Before I move onto the numbers, just to point out that with the sale of the UK operations, we've moved that asset to one held for sale in the financial statements. That requires we reclassify it and the comparative numbers as a discontinued operation. However, for the purposes of this presentation, we've included the UK in most of our analysis. It really has been a year of two halves for us, with a better-than-expected result reported for the second half of the year. As expected, we did have a softer result for SAR, but managed to deliver a stronger result in ANZ, despite the predicted headwinds from Chinese steel exports, with improved nonferrous pricing providing some relief, particularly during the latter part of the year. We subsequently recorded an improved second half EBIT of AUD 29.5 million. The statutory loss was principally influenced by higher financing charges and a review of the carrying value of a number of operating assets as we continue to work towards getting our network composition right. We also had some significant closure and dilapidation costs in the UK. These items were offset, of course, by the net after tax gain from the sale of the LMS asset 	as reflected in our first half result. I'll come back and talk about some of the influences on our cost base in subsequent slides. And of course, the team is available to respond to any specific items you may wish to delve into post the call. Stephen has already touched on the improved margin performance in the second half, so I won't dwell too long on this slide. But just to point out that while year-on-year we broadly managed to maintain our margin position against revenue, it was primarily due to a significant improvement in our trading performance in the latter part of the year after a disappointing first half, where the business' focus was clearly on gaining volume in an increasingly competitive market. The results from a significant restructuring of the commercial team and their more disciplined approach to buying activity came through, in particular, in the fourth quarter as they embedded new systems and processes, contributing significantly to the second half earnings uplift. Moving to the specific segment performance now, beginning with slide 21. In the US, the Baltimore Northeast Metal acquisitions added around 350,000 tonnes on average to our intake and sales volumes. And SAR's volumes were influenced by the addition of its ship breaking business and smaller additional acquisitions throughout the year. We were able to maintain volumes in ANZ with solid industrial scrap sourcing, although total group volumes reflected the challenging market dynamics and our strategic refocus in the second half on value over volume. Despite a gradual increase in the Baltic Dry Index during the year, we saw a reduction in total freight charges as shipping costs returned to their pre-COVID levels and container rates in particular reduced. Of course, we also had more tonnes staying domestically in North America. Our total revenue base this year was split around two-thirds ferrous and one-third nonferrous, with nonferrous sales increasing by over 30% compared to the prior year, with the average selling price increasing by some 11%. Just on this point, as Stephen mentioned, I think there's an interesting disconnect in regional markets at the moment on the price of scrap, where intake volumes in both the industrial and retail markets are being constrained from lower economic activity, and yet the supply of scrap can't keep up within customer demand. Our view is that these market dynamics are overdue for a correction. I'll touch on each of our operating segments in the subsequent slides but before I do, I think it's worth just comparing our half on half results where we were able to improve our performance across all our directly managed areas. The improved margin performance in NAM, the closure of nonproductive sites in the UK, and a reduced cost base have all worked to achieve a better than expected outcome. While the market itself has continued to tighten, our expectation of a weaker second half for ANZ was countered by an improved nonferrous position towards the end of the year as I mentioned. Clearly, we have more work to do across all these areas, but some green shoots are starting to emerge here. We're also working on taking a stronger risk based approach as to how we think about the business and the areas we need to be focused on and creating competitive advantage as a result. Importantly, it's not just about the megatrends but how we ensure the delivery of returns throughout the cycle and create value that is somewhat independent of commodity prices. We need to continue to work on getting our supply chain right, make the organization more innovative and agile and using our significant infrastructure network to maximize market optionality. Moving to each segment now, and in North America, in food volumes contracted in line with market conditions, despite the addition of Baltimore scrap from November. As Stephen mentioned, we pursued our strategy of increasing the level of unprocessed tonnes and improving our shredder utilization. Underlying costs actually improved year-on-year pre acquisitions, despite continuing inflationary pressures across a number of areas. A weaker Aussie dollar through the year added around AUD 19 million to the US cost base when restated to Australian dollars. We've received a lower contribution from SAR, reflective of the market conditions and the trading shift required following that significant falloff in steel prices which we saw in the third quarter. Operating costs for the joint venture increased as the business continued to acquire small tuck-in acquisitions through the year. In ANZ, we continue to maintain a well-balanced market portfolio, providing us with a level of flexibility to respond to market movements. We've got a strong purchasing program in regional and mining volumes, which has helped margin levels. Significant cost pressures remain evident through the year, particularly for labor and waste disposal charges flow. We're able to fill a number of longstanding operational vacancies this year, but also experienced higher fuel and electricity costs. Just to note that AUD 13 million of the cost increase relates to reclassifications on the prior year, with AUD 8 million in NFSR processing costs, which had previously been allocated to trading margin and around AUD 5 million in rental income on our Pinkenba site, which was not renewed. The tightness in supply which was talked about was particularly evident in the UK results. The lack of available material, reduced intake volumes, with a number of major dealer suppliers switching to direct container shipping in response to available pricing before reverting to deep sea volumes in the latter part of the year, which then helped uplift margins. Overall margin performance was, however, also assisted by a favorable currency exchange, although we did produce premium product low copper shred, which similarly added to costs. Site rationalization kept second half costs stable. Moving to slide 27 now and excluding the internal realignment of the precious metals business, which is now part of the broader metal segment, we experienced a 20% uplift in revenue in SLS. And with the delivery of an additional 2.3 million repurposed units in FY 2024, we exceeded our May guidance while broadening our customer base and increasing our service offering. Major hyperscale activity supporting the growth in AI continue to make this business an exciting component of the Sims portfolio. I'll cover the primary cost drivers in the next slide, but just to note, that the Divested Operations covers the LMS business, and as previously advised, a number of the costs for Sims Resource Renewal are for the Rocklea pilot plant, which are one-off in nature. I'll move to the next slide to provide some color on the operating costs for the year, and then cover the central function and corporate costs thereafter. Firstly, FX has been a significant influence on our cost base when we consider this in A dollar terms. Only about 20% of our operating costs are actually A dollar denominated. We saw the Aussie lose ground from its high at the beginning of the calendar year, and any sustained strengthening of the Australian dollar is unlikely in the near term. We added AUD 74 million to our cost base in the period through acquisitions, principally from a full period of Northeast Metals as well as the addition of Baltimore Scrap in Q2. On people costs, we've experienced around a 3% to 5% uplift in our wage levels given inflationary pressures, which is about half the overall increase. We employed an additional 70 people into the Australian operations as we move to fill critical operational roles that have been left vacant through the recent bout of labor and skills shortages, and added additional roles into the SLS business in line with its growth activities. In Australia, we experienced an upwards of 30% uplift in state and regulatory levels on waste disposal, and we picked up AUD 8 million in additional system and restructuring implementation cost centrally as we work to improve our information and data capabilities. Employee incentive costs reflect the improved full year performance outcome from both ANZ and SOS, and the retirement of certain senior executives. The majority of the cost saving is related to the management delayering, which Stephen has talked about. At Sims, we carry a number of costs centrally as part of our functional model to achieve scale efficiencies and consistency of process. Only about 40% of the amount we share within corporate costs are directly attributable to running the portfolio, and this year these include a number of costs related to the restructuring, as well as the progression of the UK strategic review. The closeout of our ERP upgrade project added to system project costs, and we commenced the replacement of our primary weighbridge operating system, which will maintain these costs in FY 2025 as we target a 2026 deployment. Just to come back to the cost reductions, if you recall, at the half we set ourselves a target to reduce our overall cost base on an annualized basis of some AUD 70 million to AUD 90 million over the next 24 months, with about 60% of that to be executed in the year. Pleasingly, we have achieved around 80% of our intended labor savings, which has offset some of the additional costs we are now incurring with additional wage and superannuation adjustments. However, as reflected on the previous cost waterfall slide, we see an additional cost come into the business in areas such as additional systems support, insurance, leasing charges, and a range of general inflationary impacts across the board. Fair to say, we have much more work to do in this area and we're working through these opportunities, particularly given the recent announcement on the UK. Moving briefly now to cash and capital. Operating cash, inclusive of interest costs, at just on $202 million reflected a lower earnings result, a lower distribution from SA Recycling, higher interest payments, and lower tax remittances. In line with our existing capital management strategy, we recycled funds from the LMS sale into the Baltimore acquisition. And as previously noted, we have a residual contingent liability on the Alumisource transaction. General and sustaining capital remains sensibly constrained given the operating performance, and we kept our previous guidance levels for sustaining capital. We paid a full year dividend of just under AUD 41 million for the 2023 financial year, and the board determined not to pay an interim dividend for the half year given the company's operating performance. We ended the year with net debt of just on AUD 400 million. Just before I hand back to Stephen, I wanted to touch on capital management and how we're thinking about that. Of course, both the sale of UK Metal and our residual interest in circular services are welcome contributions to cash, given the difficult market environment that the industry is experiencing. Our priority is certainly to pay down debt and strengthen the balance sheet. Both management and the board remain cognizant, though, of the need to balance maintaining financial flexibility, being able to advance appropriate business growth opportunities, and ensuring we provide shareholders with returns along the journey. We've actually got a broader capital management strategy review happening at the moment, and I'll be able to talk through this in a coming months. However, based on our improved operating performance and expected cash inflows over the coming months, the board approved the determination of a fully franked final dividend for the 2024 financial year. Back to you, Stephen. Thanks, Warrick. The final slide before we open up for Q&A is slide 36, which looks at the outlook. As we move forward, we expect our more agile sales approach and data-driven strategies to support NAM's ongoing recovery, despite intense competition for scrap supply. We remain optimistic about the sustained strength in zorba prices driven by the energy transition and decarbonization. The hyperscaler data center market is expected to maintain its strong momentum, providing positive opportunities for SLS. Our balance sheet will be strengthened as we redeploy transaction proceeds, positioning us well for future opportunities. Global steel demand is expected to remain muted, with economic indicators showing little improvement and Chinese steel exports continuing to affect the market. Persistent inflationary pressures call for further cost reduction efforts. The macro trends haven't changed. There's incontrovertible evidence that the demand for scrap is increasing as the steel, copper and aluminum industries decarbonize. From a data center and cloud perspective, if anything, the growth has just got stronger with the commercial arrival of artificial intelligence. Before we move to Q&A, I want to take a moment to thank all Sim's employees. It's been a year of big transitions, but through it all you've shown incredible resilience, your commitment to safety, and your adaptability are deeply appreciated. Back to you, operator. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Paul Young with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Yeah. Good morning, Stephen, Warrick, and Rob. Stephen, Warrick... Hi, Paul. Yeah. Hope you're well. A fresh set of eyes on the business, great to see the progress you're making on asset sales and also the cost reduction. And with the UK sale, a good outcome there. And I think that sales shows that you're undervalued on replacement value basis. So I know you're doing a capital management review, but how do you look at the potential for a buyback versus further bolt-on acquisitions considering that it does appear you're well undervalued? Good day, Paul. It's Warrick here. Look, I think, the first thing is to think about our debt levels. We need to make sure that we're resilient through the cycle, and I think, strengthening the balance sheet is part of that. As I said in the slides, also having, I think, about how we make sure that this returns to shareholders, but I think, that will ultimately come down to the sort of levels that we're at, at the time. So we obviously have to bank that cash first, and that's our focus at the moment. Okay. So I'm reading that buyback is an option you'll consider. Yes. Yeah, we would always put that on the table. It'll just depend on where we're at, at the time. Okay. Thanks. And then moving to the business, I'm just trying to square away SAR, which actually did quite well on a margin basis in the period and year-on-year, and as it ANZ. But trying to square away the intake volumes which are up sharply, but sales volumes weren't. Understanding that you mentioned the ship breaking business and the 11 small acquisitions, but why didn't SAR volumes, sales volumes improved? Just trying to square that away. Yeah. Let me, I know Rob has a good appreciation of SA Recycling. So let me, Rob, maybe you could provide some thoughts on that. I think, generally speaking, the market size year-over-year has shrunk. US market, where a lot of the scrap that SA produces and gathers was down around 2% year-over-year. We're still seeing that happen this year as well in the 2024 calendar year. So I think that's where you're seeing some of that volume come off. And there's definitely a sharp competition for a shrinking market. I mean, the other thing I would add is, the year-end, there can always be issues around ships slipping revenue recognition, all of those things. So I wouldn't be reading overly too much into it. I think, your overriding comment that SA Recycling had a good year is the correct comment. I wouldn't be reading too much into how particular year-end movements happen on volumes purchased versus volumes sold, given that it is quite easy to move stuff from one month to the next. Okay. Thanks, Stephen. And then last question on the ANZ business, which, again, did really well, really resilient. I see that your export volumes actually came down a little bit looking at the pie charts on slide 41, so thanks for showing that again. But just curious about that, because we've heard from some of the local steel producers that they might be paring back on their scrap consumption. Was that related to potentially building inventory related to BlueScope's expansion in New Zealand? Let me let Rob deal with that one. As the Chief Commercial Officer, he's been fully across, obviously, ANZ second half results in particular, which was better than we expected. Yeah. What we did see in the first half was a pretty resilient export market. Second half was a bit of a different chapter. We did see some of the volumes come down a little bit. Export market was fairly flat, whereas the domestic market in our fourth quarter started to slow down a little bit domestically. Right. And that's Australia and New Zealand, Rob? Yes, it was. Okay. Great. All right. Well, thanks. Thanks for that. I'll pass it on. Thanks, Paul. Your next question comes from Lee Power with UBS. Please go ahead. Morning. Thanks for your time. Maybe, just on slide 13 of your preserve pack, you first brought it by sell spread. Like, where do you think, given kind of the dynamics of the industry nowadays obviously changed significantly, like where do you think a trading margin should probably sit for your business? There's obviously been some recovery in that chart you've given us, and then it seems to have just flatlined. I'm just trying to work out what you think is actually an achievable margin. Yeah. A couple of points on that. Firstly, this chart here is the first time we've shown this particular way of looking at the business. It's one we've always used internally. I do want to highlight that it's all about being directionally correct. As I said at the beginning, it simply takes what did we buy for versus what was the market, not necessarily the price that we sell for, but what was the market price at that same time, to look for what is the spread at that particular time in the market. Clearly, we view that it can continue to increase because eventually it does reflect itself in trading margin percentage, and NAM's trading margin percentage in particular did fall over the last couple of years as we may be focused too much on volume over margin. We picked that up in the second half. And you've already seen, off the top of my head, I think it was, about a 1 or 1.1 percentage increase in the trading margin for NAM second half on first half. NAM has previously had trading margin percentages up in the early-20s, maybe in the mid-20s at times. So it's probably more early-20s. And recently, it's been below 20% on the trading margin percentage. We are getting it back up to that. I mean, my view is, at the end of the day, in the long term, scrap is what's required by the market. We should be seeing increases in prices for scrap in order to get more scrap out of the market, and we'll see an increase in our trading margin percentage as well. And for me personally, we should be getting back to those type of trading margin percentages we experienced a few years ago and certainly in the early 20% for NAM. Okay. Perfect. Thanks for that. And then your comments just around pricing and that driving volumes, I guess, we've seen prices kind of above the point where we would have historically seen volumes being driven, and yet it kind of hasn't happened. Do you have a view around what type of scrap price we need to actually get that volume number moving again? Yeah. Look, it's an interesting question. I wish I could give you the exact answer. So let me try and give you an answer around it. I mean, firstly, you're right, at AUD 350, AUD 400 ferrous price three or four years ago, that would have been really sufficient to have a nice liquid market, scrap market coming out. But as I said, the things that are impacting it is the inflationary cost. It costs more to collect that scrap and  (00:37:25) scrap coming out because durable goods are down and examples of vehicles being held for longer. Having said all of that, those conditions can't continue because the demand for scrap increases  (00:37:41) where there's absolute increase for the demand for scrap, which will drive prices up. Now, I don't know, are we saying it's a – I mean, looking at Rob across the desk here, it's a little bit hard to know, but is AUD 450 the new AUD 3.50, and it's that type of number which will get us back to where we were because that will cover up inflation increases. Certainly, it will do that. And then, somewhat independently will be when people start putting their refrigerators, their washing machines, their dishwashers whatever,  (00:38:19) going to landfill as they're buying new ones. There's no doubt there was a glut of that happened over COVID as people bought things rather than did things. So that is somewhat independently priced. But I don't know, Rob, if you want to add, I would have thought maybe AUD 450 is the new AUD 350. Yeah. I think, to sum it up, we're definitely experiencing higher lows in the past, and what Stephen said is very true. If you think through the supply chain from wage inflation to energy and gas prices, the lower that we go through the dealer level to the peddler level, it's more difficult, more costly for those individuals to go and pick up scrap. So we're definitely going to have to motivate that, and the supply elasticity or price supply elasticity is all part of that. Okay. Thank you. And then maybe just a final one, if I can, for Warrick. Can you just – look, if I look at the NTA of the business, I think it was 12.40% at the last result, now 11.70%. It looks like you've written up the UK assets though. Obviously, there's the sale ongoing. I'm assuming there's some sort of tax liability sitting in there as well. Just maybe step through what's actually changed and the kind of the mechanics of that because it's a kind of a step back, obviously. There's a few factors. So obviously, when we think about the operating performance increase in some of our lease costs, lease liabilities and debt positions, so we can do a breakdown for you though, lay in and sort of come back. Yeah. I just mean more divisionally, like, is there something – like, I wasn't sure what you do, whether you book the tax for the UK sale, and then I was probably surprised that it all gets written now. I just thought it'd be counted differently. And I noticed there were seem to be some other changes divisionally. But yeah, if there's no simple answer then I'm happy to kind of take it offline. Okay. I think that's a good idea so that we can give you the fully-fledged answer to that. It's always complicated when asset is sold and discontinued. Lee, we'll be back. Yes. Excellent. Thank you. I appreciate the color. Your next question comes from Daniel Kang with CLSA. Please go ahead. Good morning, Stephen. Good morning, Warrick. Hi, Dan. Stephen, I just had a quick question in terms of strategy. I guess, your portfolio has changed quite meaningfully in recent years, more recently exiting UK and LMS, and now purchasing Baltimore. I guess, my question is, are you comfortable with where the portfolio sits at this point in time? I am comfortable where the portfolio sits. I think, refocusing on Australia, New Zealand, and US, and particularly, obviously, in  (00:41:29) and then having SLS as the, I think, a very innovative growth engine on the site, is the portfolio that we want. So I'm happy with that. Clearly I'm not happy yet with the performance across the portfolio. So ANZ performance, very resilient, very strong. NAM's performance, particularly in the first half of this year and the second half of FY 2023, not happy with that performance, and that's why we've put in place the changes that we have put in place. I believe it's the right strategy for us. I think the focus that that will provide that we no longer have the UK business is going to be extraordinarily beneficial. And it's now time for us to, firstly, continue to deliver the changes that we've put in place, and they are yielding results, as you can see, in the second half improvement and particularly the fourth quarter of that second half. So I think it's the right portfolio for us, and now time to make the improvement, now time to continue to deliver on the improvements that we've already put in place. And secondly, Stephen, I guess, part of the issue in terms of the  (00:42:45-00:42:50) China is at its peak still, if you like. How do you think about that going forward if we do see it at a position where it's a prolonged, I guess, oversupply situation and they continue to export low value steel? Yeah. So let me make an overriding comment, and I'll get Rob to comment in more detail, given he's in that market every day. I mean, I guess, our only comment is in terms of the market itself, trying to continue to export steel, there is nothing we can do about that in it of itself. What it's about is how we make ourselves more resilient to that. So maybe with that, I'll get Rob to talk about his view on China and where we see them going  (00:43:39). It's our view, if China will do what China does, and then maybe the type of things that we're putting in place to make ourselves more resilient around continued China decreasing at the global steel prices. Right. No doubt with China's increase year-over-year, it's putting a lot of pressure both on a semi-finished and the finished product supply base. What we're experiencing right now is, there are countries, in particular, the North American continent, it's pretty much a no-go zone for China at this moment. The rest of the world is slowly but surely coming to the table with either countervailing duties or anti-dumping, at least some thoughts. India has definitely moved in that direction. Other countries are looking at doing that. As you know, and probably you're asking for this reason, they are very iron-ore based, steel producing industry in China. The countries that we continue to support are scrap-based industry, and they are dealing with those problems. Our way of dealing with that is really in our sales diversity and optionality. We're not only selling more scrap in domestic markets, but we're also looking at new markets for us to be able to diversify and pivot when we need to, in circumstances like today. Thank you, guys. The next question comes from Owen Birrell with RBC. Please go ahead. Yeah. Thanks, guys. Just a couple from me. Just firstly, I just want to understand what happened in end of May into June that saw you beat your guidance so materially. Now, back in May, you mentioned that the second half EBIT would be slightly lower than first half EBIT. But in the space of, call it, what, like six weeks afterwards, there's been a material beat there. Just wondering what you've seen in the market, I guess, as an exit run rate that has meant that you've beaten so much at this result. Yeah. I think if I go back to those early maydays and you look at the component parts, we were seeing in the second half SA Recycling and ANZ, we're going to have a weaker second half. We saw the UK and NAM having a better second half off a very low base, so let's not forget that. Really, the major difference that happened was that the performance of ANZ in that last two to three months. Now, bear in mind, in May we still, even in early May, we still haven't seen the full results of ANZ. There's still whole things around revenue recognition, particularly when it comes to non-ferrous, and I need to stress that, non-ferrous when you've got hundreds and hundreds of containers on the water, all with different legal obligations as to when ownership passes, and therefore when you can recognize revenue, you are having to make guesses as to when that will or will not happen as you get into the year-end. As it turned out, ANZ did very well in nonferrous in that last quarter and we weren't anticipating that level. Rob, if you want to add any more color, but I don't think it's – I don't – my view is it's not in a simple understanding, not a simplistic understanding, but in a simple understanding, it was ANZ and particularly around how it's last quarter nonferrous. But, Rob, any other color just please add. I think you covered it. Like, there was just a better result than anticipated at the time we made the announcement. Yeah, but I mean, the other thing I would add to that, Owen, as you know, we were anticipating some green shoots, particularly out of NAM and delivering a better second half and in particular a better fourth quarter, and that came to fruition. So that was pleasing. I think the other thing is like the price change that we saw in nonferrous was really that sort of May-June period in terms of that uplift, so... It definitely helped. Okay. And I guess the reason I asked that question is because looking into the, I guess, some of the building blocks as we move into the first half of 2025. So the underlying environment looks like it's slightly improved as an exit run rate for this  (00:48:15). Can I just ask, in terms of the AUD 60 million of – roughly AUD 60 million of annualized improvements that you've achieved so far, can you give us a sense of what the impact was during the half? Like when – I guess, how much of the AUD 30 million in EBIT was contributed by the improvements? And then just secondly, the AUD 15 million to AUD 20 million of additional improvements still to come, should we assume that they will come in the second half or in the first half of 2025? Yeah. So we picked up. So most of the changes that we put into the organization happened from around about February. So obviously we went – annualized those in terms of that total savings projection. And on the cost waterfall, you'll see that net of some exit costs, we've – sort of we've banked about AUD 17-odd million in the half. And then, yes, definitely the AUD 20 million is a minimum for us in terms of what we need to do going forward. We're definitely not comfortable with where we're currently sitting. I would underline that, Owen, I think we've done a good job in simplifying the business and removing some costs as a result of that. But I'm still worried that inflation is – inflation isn't under control in the economy generally, certainly in our expense categories. Energy, waste disposal costs, they're all increasing more than inflation. So we will have an ongoing continuous improvement focused on addressing all costs and continuing to get costs out of the business. I don't think we'll be the – I think to be the big bang thing that we had to do to jolt costs down. But we have to keep them on a continuous improvement, making sure that we at least try and combat the inflation that's coming into the business. Okay, just one sneaky final one, if I may. Sims Resource Renewal, can you give us an update on any commercial process – progress you've had with the pilot? Yeah. And is there an option to roll this out commercially at any site in the next 12 to 18 months? Yes. So I can – so SRR has now successfully run a pilot – a test pilot – a test run. So we have used our shredder residue up there in a batch, not in a continuous process, but in a batch have run it through and produced syngas. And that syngas is of sufficient quality that it could then in a further process be used to produce methanol and ultimately olefins and therefore back into plastic. And that would completely close the loop. If you think of car, right now car is about 70% recycled and that's all metal. This has the potential for the final 30%. That is very much for the future. There is no prospect of a commercial rollout of that in the next 18 months. The next stage of that project, we'll be running it for a period of about one month, and then that will show that not only does it produce the syngas, which we've proven, but it's capable of producing it reliably. The ultimate commercialization of that is not something for Sims. It's – frankly, we don't have them manufacturing in Australia that would require either methanol or olefins. It will be commercially rolled out into the US. And that has – I think I've said this before, that type of funding commitment is not a Sims funding commitment. We would be just moving that. We would be moving that project into the type of companies that have the chemical processing capacities, et cetera, et cetera, to do that. So, SRR will come to a natural conclusion at Sims, following the proof of one month continuing running of the plant. Just on that, I know you're not going to sort of commercialize it yourself, but can you give us an update of what your landfill costs are at the moment? Yeah. They vary by state. I'm looking around the table as anyone. I mean, obviously, they are not that significant in the US. In fact, in the US, it was the UK and Australia where they were much more significant. We no longer are exposed to the UK. It's only depending by state. I think it's in the 170 to 180 – 120 to 180 mark, depending on what state you're in. But let me come back. I can come back because that's publicly available numbers. I can come back and provide you the actual landfill cost by state. Okay. Thank you. Your next question comes from Lyndon Fagan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Look, just turning to your recent acquisitions on slide 15, obviously, that introduces a bit more complexity. But I'm just wondering whether you can comment on what you expect the sustainable EBITDA uplift through the cycle is from all of that? Yeah, okay. Let me start on that because that is a much more complicated. That is a very complicated question. We – the first thing I would say is that we are fully integrating these businesses into ours. So in some ways, we only really talked on these calls now around Baltimore Scrap, Northeast Metal and ARG, they're part of the Sims portfolio now. And we – the benefits of those acquisitions are coming through operating cost reductions across all the assets that we acquired, plus operating cost reductions in our existing assets. We are optimizing – we're optimizing the strategies that we've got, we're optimizing the shares that we've got on those acquisitions. So it's getting more and more difficult to say that that is the EBITDA uplift attribute to those set of assets and Baltimore Scrap with those set of assets in ARG because a lot of the benefits are sitting in the whole portfolio now. What I would say is that we, in the long run, we – our minimum hurdle rate is a 15% IRR and we still have to achieve that 15% IRR. So if you take the purchase price of those assets and get a 15% IRR add back EBITDA that is the type of returns that we are targeting. On those assets that we purchased, it just might not all sit with that asset and some of it will sit in the rest of the business. But I don't know, if you compare it before and after over the medium term, that is a sort of improvement we are expecting to see. Okay. Thanks for that. And just a follow-up. Given how much the portfolio has changed in recent years, I'm wondering, can you comment on what the sustaining CapEx now for Sims, in a sort of an equilibrium environment? Today, Lyndon, it's around about the sort of $180 million to $200 million. So, I guess what I'm getting at is we're in a depressed market at the moment. Is the sustaining CapEx today reflecting that or is it fully loaded in terms of what you would expect going forward? It's fairly well fully loaded. I mean, we could always – there's always a request for more from the operations but I think around that $200 million level is pretty right. And then that includes a maybe a bit of environmental CapEx that is going to be required in next couple of years, which will taper off after that. And clearly, to every year when we look at CapEx budgets, we look at it in the context of where the year is at. And you see, I think we've had a reasonably good history of keeping CapEx appropriately timed to how well is the business doing. Nice. And just a related follow-up. Once you get the UK sale proceeds, can you maybe just drill down a bit further in how you expect to use that? So, what's the growth CapEx for 2025? Where would you like the balance sheet to be? And then I guess, what is then last is perhaps what you'd call excess capital that you can think about returns with? I think well, as I said before, the priority will be to pay down the debt levels and give some flexibility there. Our growth in 2025 is currently, very much focused on incremental activity. So more around product quality and improving our overall productivity output. So we don't have any sort of major sort of expectations in relation to that. So and then yes, as I said when I went through the slides, we are cognizant of the need to also think about returns to shareholders. Okay. Thanks, guys. Next question comes from Paul McTaggart with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Good morning, all. So I just want to circle back to the US because remember last time we talked about the NAM business, we talked about the need to reorient that business to, because the problem was export prices outside of the US lower than domestic. And of course things have swung around the other way a little bit now. And you did talk about wanting to kind of redirect those tonnes to the domestic market. I can see there's been some shift. You talked about spending money, not big mix of capital but spending money around developing yards, etcetera. Can you give us a sense, now that things have switched in terms of the pricing, is that still an impact? You know, you're still looking to do that or is the strategy shifted a little bit or as you were saying, you're just looking to have optionality around  (00:58:45) Yeah, no. It's a good question, Paul. So let me make it clear, our strategy hasn't shifted one iota. We need to have more domestic optionality. We need to have the ability to do direct stuff domestically. And we got caught out previously and we didn't win. There was those quite large price separations. So, that strategy hasn't changed, but tactics will always change. And I think what we've shown is that, you did right, as we went into the year-end, the half year – sorry, at full year in June, there was more value in the export market and therefore we did export more. Having – so, I think technically, you will always see us look to optimize under an overall framework of we believe that in the medium to long term, the domestic market in the US, particularly for shred, the domestic market is going to be the main market just given the amount of EAFs that they are building. So, we need to continue to have that domestic optionality, including good relationships with the domestic players. And those good relationships will be around looking through the cycle, and I'm now talking export domestic cycle, so that we provide a – in a sense an agreed volume at a fair market price so that we have that nice baseload in the domestic market. And then on top of that, if the export market is better, then we'll flip to export. If the domestic market is better, we'll flip to domestic. So, that strategy hasn't changed. It's around having a solid baseload exposed to what we believe is the market where the large part of that scrap is going to end up but maintaining the optionality to use our export facilities. We've got great docks that can either export or can be used to send domestically via barges or rail or truck, whatever it happens to be. So, I guess what I'll say in summary, strategy hasn't changed one iota. You should expect our tactics in any given month or quarter to change reflecting market conditions. Have you spent the money you need to spend instead of putting in that domestic... Yeah. Maybe I'll get Rob to have – I'll get Rob to – how do you feel in terms of rolling out that domestic optionality? Rob, do you – how far down that process do you think we are? Yeah. I'd like to use the word optimization. So, we're keenly looking at the data points on a daily basis. We've made a lot of progress in really the supply chain. Again, the drayage costs renegotiated all of our freight to ports with containers. We've identified certain locations in certain parts of the country that we operate in where we be better off not consolidating at our docks using containers. Now we have that flexibility. We've developed that over the last six months and then some. And as Stephen said, it's a constant, ongoing question of what the best use of the equipment that we have and what Warrick answered earlier is, where should we be investing money, whether it's on extending our rail sidings, and railcar equipment, and those sorts of things. So I think in summary, Rob, we wouldn't view this as an overly capital intensive. We've spent the – most of the capital we've spent – we've needed to spend, we've spent. And there may be some marginal bits of capital if we have to improve rail sidings or whatever. But it's... Capital, if any at all. But no, there's been progress made there, and yeah, it's, as Stephen said, it's about optimization now. Paul, I think, I mean, it's a good question. I think the specific answer is that we believe we've spent most of the large CapEx to do it and it's kind of incremental now. Thanks, guys. Next question comes from  (01:02:41) with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Oh, hi. Good morning, Stephen and Warrick. Congrats on a strong second half FY 2024, you even beat your own guidance provided in May. A few follow-up from me, please. So firstly, from your answers given to some questions earlier, is it fair to say you beat your own guidance given in May because you didn't expect the nonferrous scrap prices to increase in the fourth quarter, which helped your trading margin? And then the strength in the nonferrous prices, is there something structural, sustainable or it's just linked to the primary metals prices such as linked to aluminum and copper prices? Thank you. I have a follow-up after this. I'll let Rob answer the second question. I'll answer around price increase in nonferrous prices and do we think it's sustainable. Specifically to your first question, again, it was ANZ-driven and with a bias particularly towards ANZ, did very well on the nonferrous as we went into the year better than we expected. So that's at a very high level, that's what drove the beat versus what we were thinking back in early May. And Rob, maybe your thoughts on non-ferrous prices generally, because they have been – they are strong. I mean, I don't see them getting weaker, but your thoughts. Likewise, without giving our crystal ball away, our view on demand for copper and aluminum remains very, very strong into the future with data centers and the need for copper, aluminum products, UBCs. So, yeah, China's economy right now has caused a little bit of a ripple, but at the end of the day, non-ferrous prices are at multi-decade highs. So, yeah, we're still bullish on the non-ferrous side. Sure. Thanks for that. So, if steel primary metals price is driven, I guess, from your answer? Yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. Thanks. Thanks. If we can go back to your business in US, there's shortage in scrap supply which will increase your competition as you mentioned, especially to source the scrap will become more competitive. I'm just wondering, in your presentation, you mentioned advanced data analytics, AI, et cetera. I'm wondering how much processing transparency you have in US. And also, by looking at the second half NAM, North America Metals, the US trading margin improved half-over-half, which is great, but your operating cost actually increased half-over-half. I'm just wondering how can we think of the operating cost into FY 2025 given you have achieved some savings through your cost reduction program. Thank you. Yeah. Three-part question. Let me make a comment on the first and I'll hand over to Rob to talk about those market dynamics. And then, Warrick might be looking at second half costs. I guess, our overall view is, you're right, the scrap shortfall has driven contingency around the prices. In the medium term, the sale price has to rise. Because if the sale price doesn't rise, the scrap risings aren't going to come out. So – and I guess, we base that assumption on the significant increase, massive increase that's happening in the  NAM (01:06:30). So, that's an overall comment. Maybe, Rob, if you want to talk around the market dynamics in NAM and supply and pricing, and then Warrick come back and talk about those second half costs. Yeah. Competitive at source, no doubt. I think we've mentioned already there's a – with the aging of vehicles and durable goods, manufacturers somewhat coming off for various reasons. That supply drought is causing a little bit of concern. That said, our strategy remains the same at source, value added on process material. Our ability to process material at scale with the technology to separate and liberate non-ferrous metals, provide a good platform to continue to grow in a competitive nature. The differentiated value proposition in some of the products that we are now making very specific metallurgical products for end users, both in the aluminum space and the steel space, also give us an advantage. So, that's where we're headed right now. Yeah. And I think,  Jean (01:07:49), on in terms of the cost base, you've got to remember that we've picked up Baltimore primarily in there and that's been a constant cost, if you like, through the balance of the year, whereas the uplift that we're – we've been able to develop in our margin performance is really sort of only came to fruition through the last quarter. So, there's a little bit of a disconnect there between the sort of uplift in cost versus the change in margin. So, we'd certainly expect to see an improvement of that, particularly as we continue to integrate, as Stephen has already talked about, the Baltimore operations into the broader network around that area. Sure. Thanks, Warrick. Just a follow up. So, you mentioned the operating cost in increased half-over-half driven from multiple transaction. I'm just wondering, in your second half FY 2024 results, how much integrated from the Baltimore transaction? I'm just trying to assess how much upside you have from that acquisition from volume and margin perspective. Thank you. Well, I think that – and Rob, happy to comment as well. But I think that upside is happening and it's part of the upside we're experiencing generally around our focus on margins, not volume. So, I think Baltimore Scrap is part of being optimized within the whole Sims portfolio. Absolutely, we expect to see better margins as we go into this first half of this year and then ultimately, the full year. But, as Warrick said, I'm not expecting to see a cost increase. We are going to be very diligent on making sure that those costs remain flat or we can get them – can we even get some costs out of the business, so that the margin increase follows sort of flows through to the bottom line. Rob, happy for any other color you want to add on to that. Very simply, I think, summarizing, we've really allocated a lot of the assets and the volume, we've analyzed the flows of scrap, optimized the New York, Pennsylvania, region for Baltimore Scrap and extended those into the NAM existing footprint. The Baltimore DC, Maryland marketplace, we're quite happy, as Stephen said, with the market margin improvement that we expected. Sure. Thanks for the color. But maybe I'll follow up on your comments. It's the margin, not volume. Why not volume? You just – you acquired asset. There should be volume, from my memory, you mentioned like 600,000 tonne per annum of ferrous scrap. You have more scrapyards and processing facilities. Why no volume? Well, it's a classic volume margin trade-off, which is exactly what we've been trying to do. I'm not saying we've lost all the Baltimore Scrap volume. By no means, we've kept a substantial amount of  progress (01:11:04), making sure within the whole portfolio, what's our margin, what's our volume to contribute to the highest EBIT. I'll be frank, if we just concentrated on that volume, I think we'd be back where we were. And the – to increase your volume, simply by paying more for the scrap, the market will have a reaction to that. And suddenly, everyone's paying more for their scrap. And it's making sure that volumes are in the – margins are in the business. And  Jean (01:11:34), just remember that we've only picked up seven months of Baltimore this year. So... Yeah. Sure, sure. All right. Okay. Cool. Thank you, Stephen, Warrick and Rob, for your color. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on. Thanks. Your next question comes from Simon Mawhinney with Allan Gray. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, all. Hi, Simon. And I'll ask a few questions, Good morning. Two questions at once and I promise to spare listeners with endless follow-ups. On NAM, the trading margin has improved and some of those outcomes on page 13 of the presentation are very promising. So, the acquisitions that you've mentioned, the elements of Baltimore and Northeast Metals are contributing and at least one of them seems to be contributing to plan or better given the contingent consideration of AUD 55 million in the cash flow statement. And then, Warrick's presentation on page 24 noted that the net operating costs were flat, ex these acquisitions. And so, all of those things are good, but North American Metals (sic) [North America Metals] (01:12:38) EBIT performance is AUD 417 million underlying for the year. And I'm just trying to work out where the leakage is. That's my first question. And then, the second question is on corporate costs. That would be nice to know what the run rate is into 2025, whether you've considered allocating those to your other operating segments and remunerating people based on those to get an understanding of whether they value the corporate cost functions, or at least, acknowledge their importance. And then, also on the waterfall, I see incentive costs are up AUD 23.8 million – AUD 22.8 million, I can't recall million dollars at a time when underlying profit after taxes fallen AUD 200 million. If you could comment on all of that, please. Sure, Simon. Let me start with the margin performance, and I'll let Warrick talk about corporate costs, including those incentive costs which you highlighted there, which were actually not part of corporate costs, but he'll go through that. The leakage on margin over the whole year is all around the shortage of scrap and us out in the market trying more for scrap to keep the volumes up, and they ended up being profitless volumes. We then – that we -I've already told that we did not pivot fast enough to that. We have now pivoted away. You've seen we're not as obsessed by volumes. So, volumes as a result have fallen and EBIT has improved. It took a while for that to come through. I remember when we discussed at the half year, we had the view that to fully get that margin back into the business, whether that was from buying unprocessed scrap from small dealers or peddlers or then outright buy more from peddlers, that was going to take us a while to get through. I actually think we're ahead of our plan on that, because we absolutely saw that starting to come through in the fourth quarter, and that's when – that's what delivered our stronger second half. So, it really is around – the leakage really happened because frankly, we spent too much time on volume and not enough time on margin, but we've turned that around in the second half. It's nowhere near finished, Simon. It's not like we're sitting back and thinking, yeah, we've done that because it's green shoots, it's not completed. And there's many more things we will continue to implement to make sure that we drive more on processed scrap through the business, because that's where we make our margin by processing. We've been shredding it, shearing it. It doesn't matter, just passing volume through the business is not – has been profitable in the past for us. I think it has been highly profitable in prior years. But that's not the market we find ourselves in now. Maybe, Warrick, I'll get you to touch on corporate costs and whether or not the business units finding the value. Yeah, no. Just to thank and acknowledge, thank you the answer, I mean, offline. I would – I mean, I thought all of this impact would be in the trading margin which improved certainly enough. But we can take that offline. But okay, thank you. Yeah. Warrick? Okay. Yeah. In terms of corporate costs and centralized functional costs, I think a couple of things, Simon. One is that, yes, we will continue to have the same sort of level of systems development costs, because we're putting in a new weighbridge system, and it's something that – because it's software as a service, we need to pick that up in as an expense. In relation to the balance of the centralized cost base, it's something that we're really cognizant of, particularly now that we're moving to the disposal of the UK. So, there's a parcel of work that we've got, we're kicking off now around what is actually that more reasonable run rate, because with – a part of that business, part of our business no longer there. We need to rationalize on a number of areas. So, that's actually work in progress in terms of what we would actually expect to see in FY 2025. In terms of the incentives, look, our incentive scheme is segment-based. It's obviously a comparison to last year and that varied in terms of where we paid incentives. It reflects ultimately a partial achievement of targets by ANZ, given their strong performance in the last quarter and the performance of SLS. And we also had some limited executive inclusion from retirements. So, that's all gathered in that. Sorry. Just to be specific, I said no follow-up questions, but I just want to make sure my questions are answered. What is the run rate for corporate costs leading into 2025? Well, we need to... It was AUD 50 million in the second half. Corporate and consolidated costs, at the moment, it would be exactly the same in terms of the second half. But we need to rationalize that as I said. Okay. And then, I mean, the incentives, it's not clear that any of your segments improved on an underlying basis, yet incentives were up and then they happen at the segment level. Yes. At a financial incentive, SLS got all of its incentive and then some because it was up significantly more. And then, ANZ did not achieve. I mean everything – would bear in mind everything was from financial, everything was zero in FY 2023. No one got a financial short-term incentive. ANZ  (01:18:49) achievements in FY 2024 given their performance. So that's – those are the two areas that we're  (01:18:56), but it comes off here for FY 2023. Thank you. Thanks, Simon. The next question comes from Megan Kirby-Lewis with Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Good morning. Just the first question. On the strategy to continue increasing the volume of unprocessed scrap, particularly into North America, I assume, I guess, that you are cutting out the middleman or the peddlers. So, just keen to know if you are seeing any response, whether that'd be positive or negative from your previous suppliers? Yeah. Let me give Rob answer that one. Yeah. It's a delicate question to answer. It's definitely a supply chain polarization or an optimization that we are going through. So, it ranges from peddlers to demolition companies to auto wrecking portfolio adjustments. It's not an abandonment of any part of our portfolio, but probably a readjustment and markets do change, and – but it is looking for the process of profitability rather than a wholesale margin that we've somewhat been more like keen to have in the past. Okay. That's great. Thank you. And then, just a question on tax and apologies if I missed something obvious in the materials, which is that underlying tax expense came in much higher than expectations. So, just if you could talk through the drivers there. Primarily the sale of LMS, we're taxed on the original cost base rather than the accounting base. I think it's fair to say – I'm going to wander into territory. But I think it's fair to say that once you – on an ongoing basis, when you get rid of all of the noise, our underlying tax represents the rates, proportionate rates in each country, so with a few  permanent differences (01:21:07). So, 30% in Australia. Was it in the 20... 23.5% in the US. And I've forgotten what it is in my native of New Zealand now. But those proportions and the profits in those proportionate countries should be our underlying ongoing tax rate. There's some very funny accounting things happen this year whenever you sell assets. Yeah. Fair enough. Thanks for the color. You next question comes from Simon Thackray with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Thanks very much. Thanks, Stephen, Warrick, and Rob. Just want to basically explore one of Paul McTaggart's questions earlier. Really looking at the details of the drivers of the sequential improvement in the trading margins in the US. Now, I'd take your commentary, which is helpful around sourcing more on processed scrap and buying less from dealers. But can you explain probably a little bit more operational detail, perhaps for you, Rob, exactly what you did differently in the second half to access that pool of scrap and whether tuck-in acquisitions were included acquiring any dealers or others in the supply chain in North America in the half? Yes. So,  (01:22:23) I'll let Rob answer that one in detail. But I would make the overall comment that when you pull up, when you buy a new business like Baltimore Scrap, and you pull apart the trading margin and the costs, absolutely part of a trading margin in absolute terms just because Baltimore Scrap had a positive trading margin, but it also increased our cost. So, some of that trading margin improvement is just – is simply because we've acquired Baltimore Scrap. What I really focus on is things like what's our trading margin percentage improvement and therefore things like what's our dollar per tonne improvement which normalizes because it's per tonne or percentage for those acquisitions, and we still saw that improve. So, maybe and we actually saw that improved quite nicely. So, maybe Rob to Simon's question for those things outside just the straight we got more margin in absolute terms because of Baltimore Scrap, what are the type of things that we've been doing to drive whether it's more unprocessed or higher margins generally. Yeah. It's been a wholesale operational effort – commercial and operational effort on just being a little more customer-centric, supplier-centric, if you will. The magic is really in taking the unprocessed material through our already invested asset base and liberating nonferrous metals from commingled obsolescent scrap. And as you very well know, there's been enough uplift in the motivation to do that from a decarbonizing point of view, but also from the value point of view. We've furthermore kind of are trying to separate ourselves from a product in use for certain clients and that's on the sale side optimization, getting a premium for certain products, listening to the customer voice and understanding what their needs are, and then providing a metallurgically suitable product for clients. And some of those acquisitions that were already mentioned have taught us how to do that at scale in a much greater way. So, if I was to separate it, Rob, though I'm trying to get clear in my head, it feels like quite a big delta in performance. How much of that then is Baltimore Scrap versus the initiatives you're talking about in this half, the sequential half-on-half and including the volume that you've called out? Very little from Baltimore Scrap. Other than Baltimore Scrap as an acquisition, we're very much at source through their shredders already when we acquired them with four shredders and eight feeder yards already. Right. And you mentioned delicate issues. I can understand that. So, somebody clearly in this process loses out in the supply chain, I presume or I'm assuming that is the dealer in the traditional supply chain. You talked about peddlers and auto wreckers and construction demolition and sourcing more unprocessed scrap. So, is it the dealer network? And on that front, how much therefore now is actually coming from the dealer network versus other sources for ferrous? Yeah. It's delicate. It's breaking eggs, no doubt. And the delicacy is that it isn't, as I said earlier, it's not an abandonment of any portion of our portfolio. But as you say, it really is a re-optimization. Dealers are in different magnitudes and we can classify them as A, Bs and Cs, and however low you want to go down to a peddler, et cetera. So, it is volume scrap at source, at scales, very similar to our JV partners at SA, from peddlers all the way up to larger dealers. But that mix in our portfolio has dramatically changed and that's how you're seeing these margin improvements. Thanks, Rob. And then, given your comment about the access to the nonferrous feed and the pricing, and I think, Stephen, you called out the performance of ANZ on nonferrous in May and June. Just to simplify for everybody on the call. So, in terms of where the guidance was in May versus where you've really delivered the numbers that just what's the contribution of the higher nonferrous pricing in the second half towards overall profitability of the business? I don't have that number off the top of my head. But what I like to say is the number, but clearly with high nonferrous prices, high – really good solid Zorba prices, the amount that we liberate material we've got good quality shredders, we have good quality downstream separation processes as well. It's significant. It's all about copper, ferrous. It's always a good contributor. But it's not solely there. I mean, we absolutely, and going back to Rob's comment around dealers, I think it's large dealers in particular that are the most impacted because they tend to just have processed material. So, not buying that. Or and I think it's worth stressing this, Simon, we're happy to buy it at the right margin. But got we've got fantastic facilities to export this whatever needs to be done with them and we need the right compensation for that. We don't get the right compensation, then we won't buy it. So, that is also a contributor. But it's not all the eggs in one basket. This is not just a nonferrous-driven thing and nonferrous absolutely helps, but that's we're good at that, particularly when we process them. I think at the margin level, we picked up around about 20% half-on-half on the nonferrous and now an increase in terms of... Yeah. No, that's helpful, Warrick. And then just finally noting the SLS improvement and your comments earlier, Stephen, that the business is still considered core. I'm just – a question. Is the  guided (01:28:36) value extracted elsewhere in the portfolio by realizing value for SLS? I mean, will it be core given the work that still needs to be done in the US, and why wouldn't you consider deploying capital to that region by recycling it out of SLS, excuse me? Yeah. Look, there's always – you would never say never. I mean, there's always a price for everything, isn't it? I mean, everything is for sale at some point. My point is that it's not a distraction. It's not a distraction for management. Ingrid Sinclair, who runs that business, is an excellent Vice President of that business and has got that team humming. We see further growth. It's not – I don't think it's miles away from our core business in the sense that it's taking equipment. It's taking material that's come to an end of its life and either repurposing it or recycling it. So, I just think it's too early, Simon,  if it has be blunt (01:29:38). If it was consuming all of our time and it was a massive capital investment, I would be much more hesitant. But it feels like it's an opportunity where clearly SLS does very well at it. Is it going to be a core business in 5 or 10 years' time? That's too long for me to be saying. No, certainly. Okay. Thank you, gentlemen, for your time. Thanks. Operator: The next question comes from Scott Ryall with Rimor Equity Research. Please go ahead. Hi. Thank you very much. I just want to continue on the US for a second, and I appreciate the first half versus second half improvements that you've presented in the pack. That's really helpful to see some of that. But I guess the first half was really poor. Fiscal 2023 was not a great year. And so, I'm just trying to get a sense around how far down the path we are to improvement. So, if I look at your reference to the appendix, so slide 41 is what I'm going to talk to your dealer sourcing in NAM doesn't look too much different between the first half and fiscal year 2024. Unprocessed has picked up as you said that's still the SAR and ANZ businesses show that you know where the price is I guess for that. So when I guess, if you're talking about improvements to collection and potentially the network, you need to have the incentives which you've put in place. And they could take a while to drive behavior change. I would have thought. You haven't talked a huge amount on this call about low copper trade a little bit, but obviously improving the quality of product and getting closer to your customers takes a little while as well due to testing and things like that. So, how long do you think it takes you to turn around? How long before the NAM business is really humming I guess and leaving aside obviously the macro headwinds. So, I'm just wondering when is it that your business is as good as it can be from your perspective. Yeah. Okay. A couple of comments from me, and I mean, at the end, anyone around the table, feel free to jump in. The pie charts I think are useful, but they don't show in granularity improvements. I mean they're just high level, which is why we push them to appendix and went back and showed some more granularity on the slide. I forget the number of the slide where we showed the second half, first half improvements. But what the pie charts were very useful of doing when we presented them back in March and in February. Now last year question was that they were very good at showing the stark differences between ANZ and SA Recycling as a clump versus NAM. I said at the time that I felt our path to solving our domestic export optimization was 6 months to 12 months. I'm going to say I think we're ahead of schedule on that. It's still not complete. We're sort of maybe seven or eight months into it, but I don't think it's going to be 12 months. So, I think we really have improved our relationships. We've improved our ability to get product to either domestic or export in a significant way. We've always been fantastic at export. We've now got ourselves pretty good at domestic. So, we just need to maybe a little bit of improvement there. I also said at the time that the whole issue around margin was more of a – that's what's going to take some time. And I said I felt that that was a two-year program. We're now seven or eight months into that two-year program. And I'm feeling that we've made significant progress. No, we're not satisfied. No one is. And we know we've got to continue to make more improvements. But it is improvements that's further embedding what we had put into place, the use of data analytics, the clear understanding of our customers' needs and our customers' customers' needs, making sure that we can get people in about – in and out of our yards in a safe and efficient way. Right now, we do it in a safe way, but I don't think  we're doing it (01:33:47) in the most efficient way. So, those types of improvements. It'll be putting more margin there into large dealers. All of those types of things we are still – are ongoing. I'm still feeling confident around the two-year timeframe. But I think you saw another 18 months or so to go, maybe a little less. But I think you made a very valid comment. It'll be in context of whatever the market is at that time. And what I think we should be looking to see is there's not the big difference between – let's look at the two businesses we control with the same people. There's not big differences between ANZ and NAM that we're currently seeing. ANZ has got a great position in the market. It's established that position over many, many years, and we now need to get NAM more along those types of characteristics. We've – the team that delivered ANZ is also part of the team that can deliver NAM. I think it's in that, I think 18 months from now timeframe. Okay. And then unless anyone is going to jump in with extra. My second question is having sold the UK business or going towards selling the UK business, could you just explain to me what you feel like the strategic merit of having Australia and the US under the same umbrella  (01:35:17)? Yeah. So, we sell into those – we sell into the same global markets, whether that be ferrous or nonferrous. So, I think there is absolutely strategic merits and understanding where the global markets are at. So, therefore where our pricing is at. I mean, we also sell SARs, ferrous into the global market. So, there's obviously some strategic merits there as well. So, I think, while the markets are going to become more regionalized, they will absolutely still be scrap that is traded on the seaborne market. And to have whether that be into Asia, into Turkey, into South America, into the Middle East generally, to have that global focus, I think there's absolutely strategic merits in that. All right. And then my last one, if it's not too  (01:36:11), in the half year in New Zealand, you signed a contract with BlueScope to enable them to move towards an EAF for part of their production at the New Zealand steel operations. Can you just talk to the way you had to think differently about that in terms of term, pricing mechanisms, those sorts of things, please? Yeah, I'll let Rob answer that question. I mean, my overall comment is we're very happy with that transaction. We've always worked well with BlueScope. For many, many years, we've had a great relationship. And I mean, overall, it's obviously going to change the way scrap moves. I mean, there's going to be less exported from New Zealand. But maybe, Rob, to the extent you can, because I'm very conscious that there's – it's an agreement with a customer and we need to honor the confidentiality of that. But to the extent you can broadly speaking, how is it working? Yeah, I would say, on a 10,000 foot level, it's not a big change from our relationship. It's obviously broadened somewhat with the expansion of their steel production to an EAF. We're quite happy without saying too much with the fact that it's quite self-hedged in the local market with the buy/sell, and we're looking forward to the expansion. Okay. Thank you. That's all I have. Your next question comes from Rohan Gallagher with Jarden Group. Please go ahead. Conscious of time and most questions being asked, I'm happy to defer, gentlemen. Thank you. Thanks, Rohan. Appreciate it. The next question is a follow-up question from Simon Mawhinney with Allan Gray. Please go ahead. Thank you. Rohan has made me feel very guilty. But in ANZ, Stephen, most of the metrics that you flagged on slide 9 are going in the opposite direction to the ones you want and to win and has – is hopefully coming from, so more processed scrap, more non-dealer sources and more exports. Is this something to be concerned about? No, it's not, Simon, because it's coming off – I think it's coming off a very high base. So, I would view those movements. And if you look at – compare them to the pie charts on slide 41, in ANZ. Yeah, you can't see it. No. That the – look, they already start off at a very high position of unprocessed and a very high position of non-dealer. It's market noise, it's the swings and roundabouts of the ANZ that I wouldn't be concerned about it. That chart there was more to show that, NAM admittedly coming off a low base is making the improvements that we need. Thanks. Thanks. I think the other thing, Simon, is we were down a shredder in Victoria for a while  (01:39:05). Okay. Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            