
            Management Discussion: Welcome to Stockland's FY 2024 result briefing. There will be a formal presentation followed by a Q&A session. Participants will be able to ask questions by phone or through the webcast. There'll be instructions on how to do so following the presentation. I'll now hand over to Tarun Gupta Managing Director and CEO for opening remarks. Good morning. My name is Tarun Gupta CEO and Managing Director. Welcome to Stockland's financial results update for FY 2024. Before we begin, I would like to start by acknowledging the traditional owners and custodians of the land on which we meet, the Gadigal people of the Eora nation, and pay my respects to elders past, present, and emerging. Joining me today is Alison Harrop, our CFO; Kylie O'Connor, CEO Investment Management; and Andrew Whitson CEO of Development. FY 2024 was a year of continued strong execution of our strategy and solid operational performance. We were pleased to deliver FY 2024 financial result at the top end of our guidance range while retaining a strong balance sheet position and progressing our strategic priorities. We have maintained our operational focus while accelerating the execution of our strategy with the acquisition of 12 Masterplanned  Communities projects, and five Land Lease Communities projects, and the execution of further noncore Town Centre asset disposals. We have also executed on three new capital partnerships and further evolved our operating model to enhance our end-to-end delivery capability. We remain confident in the underlying demand drivers for Australian residential real estate, and have positioned ourselves for a significant increase in production rates with the launch of 50 new MPC and LLC communities during FY 2024, and a further eight new communities expected to launch during FY 2025 from our existing pipeline. The quality and diversity of our investment management portfolio is evidenced by strong operational performance over FY 2024, and we remain focused on unlocking the development and income upside embedded in the portfolio in a disciplined manner. In December 2023, we announced the acquisition of 12 high quality actively trading MPC projects via the establishment of the Stockland Supalai Residential Communities Partnership. The acquisition, which remains subject to regulatory approval, represents a step change in the reshaping of our portfolio and accelerates the execution of our strategy by increasing our capital allocation towards residential sectors. Whilst still in-cap partnership platform and generating sources of recurring income. We were also pleased to welcome another high quality, globally recognized investor, Invesco Real Estate, to our platform through the formation of the Stockland Land Lease Partnership during the year. In July 2023, we extended our relationship with our existing partner, Mitsubishi Estates Asia, through the formation of a new capital partnership in Stockland owned and marketed market originated MPC  opportunities. While driving a targeted increase exposure to residential sectors. We have also continued to reshape our investment management portfolio through the disciplined conversion of our logistics development pipeline and disposal of noncore Town Centre assets. We have continued the positive strategic momentum of FY 2024 into the new financial year. Earlier this month, together with our consortium partners, we were confirmed as the preferred proponent to deliver the Waterloo Renewal Project with Homes New South Wales. This project will be one of Australia's largest and most significant unicity renewal initiatives, delivering a sustainable mixed tenure community of over 3,000 apartments, including 50% social and affordable housing. The project is expected to be delivered over multiple stages, with anticipated commencement of works in 2027, subject to all relevant planning and internal approvals. The delivery of this project in coming years will continue to diversify and increase our capital allocation to the residential sector in line with our strategy. Now turning to the FY 2024 financial result. Our pre-tax funds from operations was AUD 843 million or AUD 0.354 cents per security, at the top end of our guidance range. Our Investment Management segment delivered a strong FY 2024 results with FFO up 4.5% and solid comparable growth from the investment portfolio of 3.5%. The performance of our development segment was underpinned by strong settlement volumes and development operating profit margins across both the MPC and LLC businesses. This was offset by a decline in commercial development profits and related management income, reflecting a lower level of development activity by third parties during FY 2024. We finished the year in a strong capital position with gearing at 24.1% comfortably within our target range of 20% to 30%. Our NTA per security has remained resilient in a declining market. It was down slightly to AUD 4.12 impacted by net valuation movements mainly in our workplace portfolio. These movements also impacted our recurring ROIC, which remained positive but was below our through cycle target range for the year. While the development ROIC was within its target range. Our ESG strategy is focused on making a positive impact through the delivery of innovative and commercially sustainable solutions in the areas of social impact, circularity, climate resilience, and decarbonization leveraging large scale, on site, renewable energy generation is a critical component of our decarbonization pathway. Late last year, we announced our innovative partnership with Energy Bay to achieve 100% renewable energy across our portfolio and net zero Scope 2 emissions by 2025. We made strong progress to source low carbon materials for our development pipeline during the year. The use of lower carbon concrete, introduction of electric arc furnace steel for Logistics projects, and substitution of timber frames, and trusses instead of steel in our Land Lease Communities business are all expected to drive significant and meaningful reductions in embodied carbon, helping us to achieve our long term Scope 3 emissions targets without impacting our returns from these projects. Throughout the year, we have also made meaningful project progress towards achieving our targets for social value creation implementing our Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan, and identifying and mitigating climate risks across our portfolio. Our team, and the strength of our innovative and inclusive culture drive our success. We are committed to creating an environment that is supportive of our teams and celebrates diversity, inclusion, and well-being. And it is pleasing to see employee engagement remaining consistently high at 87% well above the Australian National norm. I'll now hand over to Alison to take us through the financial result. Thanks, Tarun, and good morning, everyone. As flagged at the half, we have adjusted our full year reporting to align with our new operating structure with Investment Management and Development business units. On a pre-tax basis, FY 2024 funds from operations of AUD 843 million was down 4.5% relative to FY 2023, with FFO per security of AUD 0.354 at the top end of our guidance range. The decline versus the previous period primarily reflects a higher weighted average cost of debt, the impact of noncore asset disposals over FY 2023 and FY 2024, and lower contributions from our commercial development activities. On a post-tax basis, FFO for FY 2024 was AUD 786 million or AUD 0.33 per security. Moving to the key line items, Investment Management FFO was up 4.5% versus FY 2023. This reflects comparable growth of 3.5% across the Investment Management portfolio, contributions from Land Lease and Logistics development completions and a growing Investment Management fee income stream offset by the impact of noncore Town Centre disposals over FY 2023 and FY 2024. For our Development segment both MPC and LLC development contributions were up for the year, reflecting stronger settlement volumes and solid margins. This was offset by reduced contributions from commercial development and development management fees, reflecting reduced development activity for third parties over the period. Unallocated corporate overheads were up by just under 4%, broadly in line with the rates of inflation over the year. We continue to balance our focus on cost containment with the need to make targeted investments in growth areas. On a combined basis, unallocated investment management and development overheads were up by just under 5% for the year. Net interest expense was up materially compared to FY 2023. This was primarily driven by 100 basis point increase in our weighted average cost of debt for the year, along with a higher period average debt balance. We capitalized a slightly higher proportion of our total interest costs into development projects this year, reflecting an increased level of development spend in MPC and in particular LLC as we increase our overall activation levels. Our effective tax rate was 7% this year compared to 4% in FY 2023. And as a reminder, we utilized the last of our tax losses in FY 2023. We've actively managed our capital over the year, recycling almost AUD 700 million from noncore Town Centre assets into higher returning opportunities and finishing the year with gearing at 24.1%, slightly below the midpoint of our target range. Our weighted average cost of debt for the year was 5.3%, and we expect this to average around 5.4% for FY 2025. Our fixed hedge ratio averaged 58%, up slightly over the second half, and we continue to actively manage our interest rate exposure. During the first half of the year, we utilized bank debt for new borrowings and refinancing. However, in the second half we took advantage of more favorable pricing and greater availability in debt capital markets, allowing us to extend our weighted average debt duration to just over five years. Our near term debt expiry profile is very manageable, with less than AUD 300 million of drawn expiries between now and June 2025. And we have AUD 3.1 billion of liquidity providing good forward coverage of expiries, as well as funding flexibility for the group. Now on to cash flows. Operating cash flow for FY 2024 was AUD 114 million or AUD 900 million before land payments. This reflects an increased level of development spend in particular for Land Lease as we expand our pipeline, and increase activation rates in line with strategy. In future periods, this will translate to cash inflows in the form of higher settlement volumes and transfers into partnerships. So, in summary, we have delivered a result at the top end of our guidance range. The balance sheet is in good shape, and we continue to position the business for growth. I'll now hand to Kylie to take us through the Investment Management result. Thanks, Alison, and good morning. I'm very happy to be joining you today to present the FY 2004 results for Investment Management. The business has delivered a strong result, primarily driven by the recurring net revenue derived from our diversified portfolio. The result reflects the nondiscretionary nature of our Town Centre assets, a high quality, well-located Logistics portfolio and associated development completions, the planning, delivery and capital partnering of workplace and living projects, and deep capabilities of our team. We have delivered 3.5% positive comparable FFO growth over the period, contributing to this result was strong growth from our Logistics assets underpinned by continued tenant demand and positive leasing spreads, also seen in our Town Centre portfolio. Occupancy remains high across Logistics and Town Centres, while our Workplace portfolio delivered 3.2% comparable FFO growth despite difficult market conditions, and assets being prepared for redevelopment. Communities rental income includes revenue from our six stabilized Land Leased Communities assets and a number of assets in delivery. This high quality recurring income stream is expected to become a meaningful contributor to the business over time. Management fee income has also increased over the year, reflecting our established capital partnerships and property management fees. Moving on to valuations, continued market volatility and an increase in transactional evidence led to cap rate expansion of 39 basis points across the portfolio. The net valuation movement is largely attributable to valuation impacts in the workplace portfolio, which is reflective of the current rerating in the sector. Negative cap rate movements in Logistics were offset by rental growth, resulting in an increase of 2.1% to our carrying value. And the Town Centres portfolio experienced a minor decrease in value due to moderate cap rate expansion, again largely offset by solid rental growth. Over the year to June, 86% of assets were independently valued, with the weighted average cap rate across the portfolio now at 6%. Our Logistics portfolio delivered very strong performance with comparable FFO growth of 6.8%, underpinned by positive leasing spreads of just under 38%. This result reflects the high quality nature of the portfolio and the assets benefiting from access to strong market rental growth. More than 350,000 square meters of space was leased over the period driven predominantly by deals in our New South Wales assets reflecting higher demand due to historically low market vacancy. Incentives remain low at 6%, with almost half the deals negotiated during the year not receiving any incentive. Occupancy remains high at 98%, with only two warehouses vacant and our New South Wales assets are 100% leased. The portfolio WALE at 3.2 years allows us to capture further rental growth as were the ongoing delivery of the development pipeline. Completions at Ingleburn, Leppington, and 90 Melbourne Drive contributed to the positive result during the period. Our Workplace portfolio at $1.7 billion represents a low exposure to the commercial office sector, with the majority of assets positioned for future development. While these assets are strategic  (00:17:05) with significant future value, our strategy is to ensure the highest level of operating income while preparing the assets for redevelopment. Comparable FFO growth of 3.2% represents increases in rent from existing leases, with lower re-leasing spreads and portfolio occupancy reflecting challenging market conditions, particularly in Perth where rents at our Durack asset are being rebased to market. Our Town Centres portfolio delivered FFO growth of 2.1% and positive leasing spreads of 3.3%, representing three consecutive years of positive leasing spreads. We have continued to optimize the portfolio, finalizing AUD 690 million of noncore asset disposals and continuing the reweighting towards high performing assets and essentials based Town Centres. Occupancy remains high at over 99%, with strong demand for space in core assets. We have completed over 400 leasing deals during the year with key deals, including Mecca and new food retailers at Green Hills. The portfolio continues to trade well, with specialty sales averaging AUD 10,400 a square meter, which is considerably above benchmark. Despite difficult market trading conditions, the portfolio continues to show growth, allowing room for rental increases while maintaining a sustainable occupancy cost for our tenant customers. More than 70% of turnover is attributed to nondiscretionary categories. Consistent with our strategy, we are delighted to have welcomed a number of new capital partners onto the platform, with five partnerships established since 2022, providing exposure to a mix of sectors and return profiles. Given the strength of our existing portfolio and development pipeline, we are confident that we will be able to offer further opportunities to partner across all sectors in the future and have strong early engagement with both existing partners and new groups for deployment of capital throughout FY 2025. Overall, I'm very positive about the performance and opportunities within the Investment Management business. The portfolio is well-positioned to extract further investment performance in both the short term and capitalizing on longer dated master planning opportunities. Looking forward, our focus will be on harnessing the new operational structure and further enhancing the platform to strengthen our position as a leading, diversified real estate manager. Thank you. I'll now hand to Andrew. Thanks, Kylie, and good morning, everyone. Our Development segment delivered a solid result for FY 2024. We're particularly pleased with the FFO growth delivered by MPC and LLC businesses against a backdrop of interest rate uncertainty. We've driven this by consistent execution of our strategy. As you'll see, we've made significant progress in activating our pipeline which positions the business to take advantage of structural tailwinds as they play out. We've also expanded our capital partnering platform, providing additional capital to support future growth and drive incremental returns. Starting with commercial development, we continue to progress the delivery of our pipeline. Over the financial year, we've commenced approximately AUD 600 million of Logistics developments, completed the first two buildings at MPark, and we're accelerating the delivery of our neighborhood retail and community real estate pipelines, including the commencement of the Gables Neighborhood Center in New South Wales, and four childcare centers all within our own communities. We continue to take a disciplined approach to converting all opportunities. We're carving an appropriate spread between yield on cost and market cap rates, and are actively exploring capital partnerships to unlock larger, longer dated opportunities. Turning to MPC, we delivered settlements above our target for the year, which is pleasing given the heavy skew that we had to the second half. Our development margin, which is after all direct project costs and the release of capitalized interest in COGS, was in line with our guidance. Importantly, we have good visibility into FY 2025 with over 3,400 contracts on hand at June. For FY 2025, we're targeting between 5,300 settlements, 5,700 settlements. While we're achieving underlying price growth in all states except Victoria. We expect the geographic mix of settlements to result in an average settlement price broadly in line with FY 2024 and slightly lower margins. We saw noticeable improvement in inquiry levels across all states the second half of the financial year. Inquiry has moderated over Q4, but remains above first half levels. This translated to a progressive improvement in sales as we move through the year with the Victorian market lagging the uptick in other states. For Q1 of FY 2025, we expect net sales to be impacted by elevated cancellations. This is the flow on impact of the high number of settlements called in Victoria during June. In addition to volume recovery, we're also seeing underlying price growth in New South Wales, Queensland, and WA with WA particularly strong. This revenue upside is being partially offset by higher construction cost escalation in WA and Southeast Queensland, as volumes pick up. Now onto our market outlook for the year ahead. While the pace of market recovery remains dependent on the interest rate outlook, the fundamental drivers underpinning the residential market remain supportive. And Southeast Queensland and WA are currently the strongest markets reflecting their relative affordability advantages and positive net interstate migration. We expect to see some further price growth in the New South Wales market, but this is likely to be constrained by affordability challenges. The recovery in Victoria is lagging other states, but sales volumes are forecast to increase, driven by continued population growth and improving relative affordability. Onto our LLC business. We delivered another strong performance from LLC this year with settlements up materially for the year. LLC FFO also benefited from the expansion of our capital partnering platform, generating cash back profit from the transfer of sites to our new partnership with Invesco. We have good earnings visibility into FY 2025 with contracts on hand at an average price slightly above FY 2024 settlements. For FY 2025, we're targeting 600 settlements to 650 settlements at an average margin slightly below our target range due to the deferral of some launch costs from the prior year. Sales volumes for LLC were up strongly for the year. This reflects a combination of increasing demand for LLC development product and activation of our pipeline, with the launch of nine new LLC projects during FY 2024. We're seeing some variability in market conditions between states, but generally more solid demand for LLC product, and we continue to see price growth and strong inquiry for new stage releases. Over FY 2024 we've positioned our residential businesses to take advantage of the strong underlying market fundamentals. We launched 15 new MPC and LLC communities, and expect to launch eight more in FY 2025 including – excluding the 12 active MPC projects within the Land Lease Communities portfolio. Within the next two years, we expect to activate projects with a total of 16,000 lots from within our existing pipeline. This increased level of project activation provides us with a high degree of flexibility around the timing of stage releases to meet demand. And importantly, it allows us to increase the supply of affordably priced housing options at a time when overall market supply is constrained. The scale of our MPC platform provides opportunities for most parts of our business, driving the rapid growth of our LLC portfolio, facilitating the creation of high quality rental assets across neighborhood retail, community real estate, and logistics sectors, and generating new recurring income streams through our partnerships. So in summary, we provided a resilient result in variable market conditions with strong performances from our MPC and LLC businesses. And over the last 12 months, we've made significant progress in activating a development pipeline across the residential logistics, community real estate, and neighborhood retail sectors. This gives us a high degree of flexibility in responding to demand to drive future growth. I'll leave it there and hand back to Tarun. Thanks, Andrew. We're entering FY 2025 in a strong position. The ongoing redeployment of capital into our targeted growth areas is reshaping our portfolio and enhancing our returns. While economic and real estate market conditions remain uncertain, our MPC and LLC businesses have strong contracts on hand and demand for our LLC product has proven resilient. By activating more of our MPC and LLC communities, we are capitalizing on strengthening market conditions in most states and ensuring that we are well positioned to benefit from an eventual recovery in the Victorian residential market. The high quality and diversity of our Investment Management portfolio continues to underpin its performance. Our Town Centres portfolio is benefiting from a high weighting to essentials categories, and we remain focused on capturing income generation opportunities presented by our well-located Logistics portfolio and pipeline. As we continue to expand our Capital Partnership platform, we focus on driving returns for the partnerships and creating new sources of high quality recurring fee income for the group. We continue to actively engage with capital partners and explore further opportunities for capital partnerships across our platform. For FY 2025, FFO per security guidance range is AUD 0.32 to AUD 0.33 on a post-tax basis, excluding any benefit from the acquisition of the 12 MPC projects announced in late 2023, which remain subject to regulatory approval. Distribution per security is expected to be within our targeted payout ratio of 75% to 85% of post-tax FFO. We will now open the lines for questions and answers. 
            Questions and Answers: Thanks, Tarun. To ask a live audio question, click on the request to speak button at the top of the broadcast window. The broadcast will be replaced by the audio questions interface. Click on join queue once you are ready and if prompted select allow in the pop up to grant access to your microphone. Phone dial in details are also available on the request to speak page.  And our first call today comes from Tom Bodor at UBS. Tom, please go ahead. Good morning, Tarun, and Andrew, and team. I was just interested in the rent margin being down and also settlement volumes broadly flat into next year or flat to slightly down. If you could, sort of, elaborate on key drivers there, and how you're saying 2025 from a resi trading perspective, given you did have a good sales result in the fourth quarter? Sure. Thanks Tom. From a margin perspective, what we are seeing is price growth across all states except Victoria at the moment. Particularly strong in WA where it's been, strong double-digit growth in the last 12 months. But what is impacting margins next year is the mix shift. So mix shift towards Western Australia, which has traditionally been our lowest margin portfolio. Margins are growing there, and improving, but it's still that shift which is impacting those margins. Yeah. With regards to underlying retail market conditions, we're seeing them pretty consistent from Q4 into the start of FY 2025 financial year. What we did call out was that Q1 net sales would be impacted by cancellations flowing through from Victoria. Just to give you a bit of flavor around that, we sold around 1,500 settlements in Victoria in June. Majority of those in the last two weeks, we had about 400 of those push out into this financial year. About 50% of those will settle and about 50% of those will cancel. So it's that elevated cancellations in Victoria, which on a net basis will see lower Q1 net sales. But that is taken into account in the guidance of 5,300 settlements, 5,700 settlements that we've provided. So is it fair to say it's Victoria that's holding you back essentially? Yes. So we're seeing good conditions in the other markets. It's been that Victorian softness, yeah, total market will do about 7,000 or did 7,000 net sales last financial year. Long term average  15 to 20 (00:32:35). Yeah. There's a stock overhang that's being worked through there. Yeah. We think you'll see some moderate margin improvement this financial year. Yeah. Ultimately, cyclically that market will recover, and we still have a lot of confidence. It's getting better from a relative affordability perspective as well. Great. Thanks. And then, just maybe one, if I may on, to Alison on capitalized interest, I'd be interested in where that's going to flow into FY 2025. I noticed there was sort of more of a benefit in 2024 from capitalizing a bit of extra  (00:33:18) activity going higher. Does that tailwind, sort of, subside a bit in 2025 or do you see that continuing into 2025? Yeah. Thanks, Tom. So you're right. This year we obviously did have an increase in cap interest, and around half of that was probably due to the weighted average cost of debt. The other half, as you say, was to do with the active development pipeline. What we're seeing into 2025 is that cap interest will likely be up again slightly and that's really due to further increases in the Land Lease activation. Okay, great. Thank you very much. Our next question comes from Lauren Berry at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, guys. I was just hoping you could give a bit more color on the commercial development line. Looks like it was a fairly weak result in the second half. So could you just talk about what's happened in that segment? And then also, what's the outlook for earnings coming back in a material way for development over the next few years? Thanks. Yes, sure. Thanks. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, for FY 2024, there's probably two elements that are seeing lower commercial development profits. One has been lower fund through profits from the MPark development and the other has been less build to sell profits from Logistics. Yeah, next year, the contribution from commercial development profit will be immaterial. We would expect that to improve in following years. We bring on some of our – some more Logistics build to sell projects. Yeah, there's some elements of that at both Melbourne Business Park and Kemps Creek. In terms of profits derived from partners, when is the next kind of big projects coming through? We don't have anything in 2025. And then my other question is just around the liquidity. You've got cash and undrawn facilities of AUD 3.1 billion, which is about double what you had in FY 2023. And it's also a lot higher than what you'll require to potentially settle on the 12 communities. Can you just talk about what, what the intention is having such higher liquidity on the balance sheet, please. Yes, sure, Lauren. So part of it is to fund our equity share of that acquisition should it go ahead. Also, looking for some good coverage of debt expiries. I think the other thing to think about is that we're also now quite an active business. So we do have sizable cash inflows and outflows within periods, and really need some funding flexibility to kind of deal with that. The other thing to keep in mind is that we are expecting a skew in the MPC settlements again to the second half of 2025. And so, what that means is we're deploying capital into DevEx and land acquisitions all the way through the year. But we only get the cash back at the end. So needing some liquidity to assist us with that. But Lauren, the amounts are going to drop over 2025 as we use up that liquidity for the acquisitions and development pipeline. So it will moderate across the year. Yes, it's unlikely to remain that elevated into future periods. Yeah. And sorry, just final one. What's the percentage you're thinking about in terms of the resi settlement? From a volume perspective, it's one-third, two-thirds. Yeah, it's about 60%. more than 60% in the second half. Yeah. Thank you. Our next question comes from James Druce at CLSA. James, please go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to clarify something from Lauren's question, and  (00:37:46) I thought with the development fee paid profit in the first half that was around AUD 20 million, and then for the full year, it was AUD 8 million. Is there something going on there or is that just a changing out both segments over the period? It's really to do with some of the leasing that we did at MPark. So it only came through in the second half. So you're right, we had a positive first half, negative second half really to do with some, like I say, leasing activity that we had to do at MPark, which came through fees. Elevated incentive Yeah, it's just incentive payments. We had to allow for some incentives, as you know that market is struggling a little. So allowing for those increased incentives is what pulled it back in the second half.   (00:38:35). Yeah. All right. And then yeah, just very interested in the Melbourne market, as I look at the net sales for resi, they've actually picked up from 386 homes to 490 homes over the fourth quarter, which is relatively material. Is there some discounting going on there? And then a follow-up question on valuations before. How much are buyers under water for them to cancel? Yeah. James, there's a couple of things in that fourth quarter just to think about. Generally in the market down there at the moment, there's rebating, the around  (00:39:19) going on as a general rule, you see that at most estates where we're offering it on select lots, particularly associated through specific campaign periods to drive inquiry. There hasn't been an uptick in that and you'll see some of the land survey data that over the 12 months, net prices are largely flat, which has been reflected in our work in our communities as well. We did do some more wholesale trading in Q4, which is pretty typical. Yeah, we give builders 9-month to 12-month terms. So doing Q4 contracts with builders, particularly in that market where customers are wanting completed product at the moment, certainty around a build outcome. So there's slightly more wholesale in that number. What I would say market conditions between Q4 now have been largely stable in Victoria. So it's been what I'd describe as a soft market and that's continued from Q4 into the start of the year. Okay. And just on the valuations that are coming in that are pressuring cancellations, I mean, what are we seeing there? Or it's been a mix of when you talk about those cancellations, it's been both valuations, and changes circumstances, confidence that's impacted it. Yeah, valuations. We're seeing a range depending on the corridor and depending on the project. But around 3% to 5%. Okay. Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Jones at JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Thanks. Just a couple of quick financial ones. Just the operating cash flow was significantly impacted by land payment in FY 2024. Just wondering what that looks like in the forward 12 months? Yes, I can take that one. So, yeah, you're right. It was impacted by some land payments. But having said that, the second half for 2024 was actually around AUD 600 million stronger than the first half. And obviously that's really reflecting the second half settlement skew and was in line with expectations. Going forward for 2025, we do expect operating cash flow to be stronger, but DevEx is likely to remain a little elevated as we launch those additional LLC and MPC projects. But yeah, it should be a little stronger into FY 2025. Okay. And just from a funding perspective, what asset sales are you expecting and what is that the commercial DevEx you're anticipating in 2024. Our asset sales while we haven't really – there isn't really nothing on the on the books at this moment that we, I mean, obviously, we would always go through and look at the portfolio and see that there's nothing assumed at the moment in terms of asset sales. DevEx is, like I say, is going to be elevated by probably almost another AUD 200 million going into 2025 from the from the levels that they were at this time again because of the activation of those LLC and MPC projects, it'll be a little higher. Richard, we are looking more at recycling capital through existing and potentially new partnerships. So that will be the focus over 2025. But asset sales, as Alison said, there's nothing mooted at the moment. We are always looking at our portfolio, as you've seen last three years, assets where we've added the value we can. Then we always trade some of those over 2025. Nothing mooted now, but you should expect some minor asset recycling as well asset sales. Is the partnerships more likely in the development side of the business or the investment side in the coming 12 months? Could be both. Richard, could be both. Again, we are in a number of discussions right across the platform. And you'll just you'll – as you've seen, we did three last year, so we're having some good success. But these conversations take a while to bring to fruition. Okay. And just a final question, just for Andrew, just the negative press on LLC, can you just call out what impact, whether that's positive or negative, it's been on your land lease business? Richard, we haven't seen any impact at the moment. We look at sales and inquiry in Victoria June, July to start August, and it's been pretty consistent. Yeah. What we have seen in our Victorian LLC business, we launched four projects down there last year. As we've delivered amenity which has really come on in the last three months or four months and will continue over this half. We've seen an uptick in sales. We've opened some community facilities at Evergreen down in the south east. We've got display product now open at Jardon in Geelong. So yeah, that's seen a step up in sales volumes in the last three months in Victoria, Quarry has been pretty consistent. Excellent. Thanks guys. Thank you. The next question comes from Ben Brayshaw at Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. I was wondering, just on Town Centres, if you could just talk through the comparable income growth for the last 12 months, just struggling to reconcile how you get to the low 2s, just given some of the metrics that you're reporting. Yeah. Thanks, Ben. Yes. So our comparable FFO growth over the period was at that 2.2% level. I would say a couple of things. Portfolio is still performing really well. We have had strong income growth and as you've seen those leasing spreads over the last three year period continue to come through. What we've seen in the 2024 period is an increased cost of electricity. So we've come off a favorable energy contract in the prior corresponding year. So that had some impact on our net number and then we're also coming off a higher base in the previous year. If you look at the prior year to that FY 2023 we had growth of almost 5%. So the combination of those two factors has resulted in that in that low 2% number. And will that normalize over the next 12 months or should we expect a continuation of around low 2s? Yes. So we're looking at a similar sort of number into the next year. We're obviously really focused on driving income growth because we have still got the strength coming through that portfolio. So I'm expecting slightly higher growth on the income side and we'll have a focus on making sure that we're managing those costs where we can. But a lot of that is actually the steps and areas that we can't control. But at the moment, we're forecasting a relatively similar growth number. Okay. Thank you. Just a question, Andrew. Just on superlot revenue recognized in the second half, could you just expand on that, please, and any comments you could provide on the contribution to margin? Yes, sure. So the superlot year-on-year can be variable depending on the timing of sort of the non-resident lots that we're offering within the marketplace. This year, the number was slightly more elevated, predominantly due to one superlot adjoining Elara, which we sold during the period.  That's not uncommon. Next year, yeah, we've previously said AUD 20 million to AUD 50 million is sort of the range that we sit in. We would expect it to sit within the within the top half of that range. Terrific. Thanks, Andrew. Thanks. Our next question comes from Lou Pirenc from Jarden. Please go ahead. Yes, good morning. Two quick questions for me. Can you just talk about your payout ratio in light of some of the other questions on your liquidity and funding requirements as well? You've kind of been at the bottom end of that 75% to 85% for the last couple of years. Is that kind of what we should assume for the next few years as well, given how much you need to fund the pipeline? Yeah, look. Hi, Lou, it's Alison. Yeah, we have been at the bottom end of that range. I think we feel that's a prudent position to be, obviously retaining capital in the business, we have many opportunities to invest that capital to deliver future growth. So we feel that that's a prudent place to be in terms of that range, and we're likely to be there for the foreseeable future. Great. And then secondly, Tarun, in your press release, you kind of talk about a step change in production rates. When do you think that will really kick off in terms of earnings contribution? That clearly depends a little bit on this acquisition that it's sitting with ACCC, but beyond that, is that more 2026 story or is it longer than. Yeah, I think we've given you the FY 2025 guidance. 2026 what I'd say is if you look at what Andrew shared with you with the activation of our land positions, that's going up to 90% LLC. Obviously, we've got 17 new projects coming through. So, subject to market conditions, and cyclical recovery in residential, which is what we're anticipating, then, yeah, those will start to flow through. Our pipeline is not very long dated as you know once we start to stage in MPC, LLC, the earnings are 12 months, 18 months away. So we are anticipating stronger contributions. And of course the transaction you mentioned the 12 Masterplanned Communities we're looking to acquire, they will have quite a meaningful impact on earnings as well. So yeah, the outlook we are excited by, that's why we've been investing very heavily into the pipeline. Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Davidson at Pendal Group. Please go ahead. My question has been answered. Thanks. Thank you, Peter. Our next question comes from Suraj Nebhani at Citi. Please go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. So firstly, for Alison on the overhead expectations into FY 2025, please. Yeah, sure. So, for 2025, we expect our overall overheads will likely to be flat. So what you've seen this year is that we continue to kind of balance investing in growth in the business versus cost containment, kind of, for the other the rest of the corporate functions. And so that's why we had a very – a small increase this year. We're working very hard on that. So next year, overall overheads, like I say, expected to be flat to 2025 on this year. Thank you. And maybe just one question for either Andrew or Tarun. I think looking at the disclosures, it does seem like the sales are bouncing back, but that's primarily been driven by investors, and upgraders, downsizers, first homebuyers are still weak. Do you think or in your discussions with various levels of government, do you see any support coming through for first homebuyers or do you think we just have to wait for rates to come down before that demand bounces back? Yeah Suraj, there's a couple of things that we're seeing in our portfolio. Where we're releasing affordable product, we are getting a good response from first homebuyers, which tells us that there's clearly some pent up demand there. The most recent example I'd use was Highlands of Victoria, a softer market. We released 21 lots, and on that weekend we sold 18 of them. They were smaller, more affordable lots that were positioned towards a first homebuyer within the marketplace. Yet both state and federal government very focused on housing affordability. And you've seen a range of initiatives coming out into the marketplace around grants, shared equity. There's more support for social and affordable coming through over the next 12 months. That has been well telegraphed. So we expect that to continue to flow through. And we're playing an active role in there, working with state and federal government to look at how we can support that increased supply into the marketplace, which we think is critical in addressing housing affordability. And Suraj, just to add to that, in WA and Queensland, we have seen first homebuyers come back more towards long term averages in our portfolio. It's really New South Wales is really, really expensive for first homebuyers to get in and of course Victoria is softer. Yeah. it's not consistent across the states there is some greenshoots in other, in the WA and Queensland markets. Thank you. The other one was on the Land Lease partnerships. Obviously, this half you announced new partnership on Land Lease with Invesco. You obviously had another partnership with Mitsubishi. So say two partnerships on Land Lease. Can you talk to how, I guess, the product or the pipeline is to be allocated, and yeah, between the two partners, like how are you thinking about that? Yeah, Suraj we've got, yeah, now, two very important and aligned capital partners, Invesco and Mitsubishi. They're programmatic partnerships. They have appetite to get exposure over time. That's how we structured it. And we've got a protocol agreed that works for Stockland and both bodies. We've got the fortunate position that we've got a lot of pipeline coming through. This year we think there's another six projects to nine projects that'll be getting ready to be offered to partnership. So pipeline is probably exceeding the individual appetite of those partners, that's why we've got to operating so we don't , there's quite an understood pathway in doing all of that and hopefully for next 12 months, 18 months, we can show you some more proof points of that. Perfect, and one final one for you, Tarun. Obviously, there was some press on the project in Waterloo recently where Stockland is at a preferred stage. Can you talk to the next steps there? And I guess your expectations on that project, agree it's more medium term, but keen to understand, I guess, the background there. Yeah. Suraj, we were very, very pleased and privileged to be chosen by Homes New South Wales and a very significant city-defining project here in Sydney. It's quite unique with 50% social, affordable housing, something we need more often in major urban projects to resolve the housing position we have in the country. For us, it's really a validation of the long term strategy we've set for the company to allocate more to residential, it's really a 5- to 10-year earnings driver for us, and particularly in the apartment segment of our strategy. We still have to finish financial close with the client, which will take most of this year. There's still site preparation planning and engagement with the local community. So the earliest start we think is 2027 and then the first completions by FY 2031. So as I said, it's a 5- to 10-year earning strategy for us, but in the meantime it's quite capital light. We really only need to invest in the team costs which will be capitalized to progress those planning and community outcomes. And then over time, once we start to develop vertically, we'll also look to bring in capital partners. Thank you. Thank you. And just one final one. I don't know if you can make some comment on this, just on the process of the Lendlease acquisition, obviously,   we're all waiting for the report potentially next month. But any discussions or any anything that you can plan late on given the increased market focus on this? Yes, Suraj, we are in very good dialogue and engagement with the Commission. As we've said before, we believe we have compelling reasons why competition is not lessened in this transaction. The Commission put out a statement of issues. Their preliminary views on seven corridors were a green light, but then they've got some questions on the others. We are in collaborative discussions with the Commission. They've got an important job to do and they have highlighted 12th of September as the next date. So really that's the timeline we're working with. And following that, if we get more clarity, then we will come back to the market and update our guidance depending on the outcomes of that process. Just on the potential outcomes, Tarun, is it essentially an all or nothing outcome that you're expecting or just trying to get a sense of potential outcomes there. Suraj I've just got to respect the process with the commission. It's inappropriate for me to speculate on where it comes, but as I said, we remain fully focused on making sure we can, bring that portfolio into production over time. But let's wait till 12th of September. Okay. Understand. Thank you so much. Thanks. We have another question from James Druce at CLSA. Please go ahead. Yeah, hi. Really quickly, I just wanted to understand what the guidance was for the sell down of Lendlease projects partnerships for this year, what sort of quantum that we're talking about for profit? Yeah. James, yeah, well, this year we'd expect that sell down from a profit perspective below last year. Yeah, that's how you should think about it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. That's the last question we have time for today. I'll now hand back to Tarun for closing remarks. Thanks. Thank you, everyone, for joining in and for your questions. We are looking forward to speaking more with you as commence our road show. So we'll sign off there and thanks all. 
            