
            Management Discussion: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Siemens Healthineers Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Before we begin, I would like to draw your attention to the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of the Siemens Healthineers presentation. This conference call may include forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the company's current expectations and certain assumptions and are, therefore, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Marc Koebernick, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. I'd like to thank each one of you for joining us today. At 7:00 AM this morning, we published our Q4 results and all the related materials of today's result release. They are available on our IR section of the Siemens Healthineers webpage. In a moment, we'll hear directly from our CEO, Bernd Montag; and CFO, Jochen Schmitz who will walk us through this quarter's results and provide insights on the past quarter, our outlook and on our growth prospects. After the presentation, we will open the floor for a Q&A session. To ensure everyone gets an opportunity to engage, we kindly ask that each participant limit themselves to maximum of two questions. Additionally, please note that a full transcript and a recording of today's call will be made available on our Investor Relations webpage shortly after the session ends. Again, thank you for being here, and now I'll turn it over to Bernd. Yeah. Thanks, Marc. Dear analysts and investors, our team has delivered an outstanding performance in Q4. We achieved growth in all regions, only China was declining. This growth was on back of a healthy global market, reflected by the book-to-bill of 1.12. Our comparable revenue grew by 7% ex antigen on strong comps of plus 11% in Q4 last year. This was driven by strong growth in Imaging, Varian and Advanced Therapies. We also saw a strong 16% growth in adjusted EPS, supported by impressive margins at Imaging and Advanced Therapies. I am especially happy about the good development of our free cash flow, which more than doubled compared to Q4 last year, supported especially by good progress in our inventory levels. Jochen will expand on this in his part. So, we have finished this year strong as indicated early on. Let me briefly run you through the highlights of the full-year 2024 from our perspective. First, I would like you to focus on the right side of the chart. We achieved our guidance. Again, let me allude to China. We achieved our group outlook despite significant headwinds from China, headwinds on growth and margins that were much more intense and longer lasting than we assumed initially. Despite this fact, we achieved our initial outlook, nevertheless. Our business is fully intact. Our unique setup provides unparalleled resilience even when the going gets tougher. Looking at 2024 in its entirety, it clearly proves this point. We grew comparable revenue by 5.2% ex antigen and achieved an adjusted EPS of €2.23. We are proposing an unchanged dividend of €0.95 per share for fiscal year 2024. When we started the year, we introduced the concept of the two cores. On the one side, we have our synergistic core of Imaging, Varian and Advanced Therapies create a unique portfolio of products and solutions, elevating our relevance for customers. In this unique setup, continued innovation sets us even further apart from any competitor. In 2024, we again introduced significant innovations to the market, essentially across the board with the 1.5 Tesla MAGNETOM Flow low-helium MRI; our breakthrough innovation in mammography, the MAMMOMAT B.brilliant; or the RapidArc Dynamic at Varian, just to name a few examples. Our innovative strength and our unique portfolio as well as unique set of capabilities has driven continued market share gains for years already and again in 2024. So, the strong book-to-bill for the group is the logical consequence of this strength achieved despite a weak contribution from China. I'm very proud of the team which delivered this strong performance. I'm also proud of the successful transformation in our other core where we are transforming to win in the Diagnostics market. With the successful and diligent implementation of our transformation program, we have, on the one hand, prepared the business for future success; and on the other hand, driven a step change in profitability. Jochen will give you some more details in his part. And on the next chart, I will briefly show you our outlook for 2025. We are expecting 5% to 6% comparable revenue growth for the fiscal year 2025. For EPS, we are guiding for a range of €2.35 to €2.50 per share. This highlights our expectation for very good underlying profitability improvements, nicely overcompensating year-over-year headwinds from lower financial income and a normalizing tax rate. Jochen will give you more insights on the underlying assumptions for our outlook. And with this, I hand it over to Jochen. Thank you, Bernd, and also a warm welcome from my side. Let me reiterate that this was an impressive Q4. We continued our strong order intake, grew revenue by 7% ex antigen on very tough comps, with growth in all regions except China and expanded margins by nearly 100 basis points ex antigen. We were especially pleased that the margin expansion came from excellent conversion in Imaging, Varian and Advanced Therapies. And the operational improvement fell through to earnings per share. Adjusted EPS grew by 16% year-over-year ex antigen. And, of course, we are happy to report that we more than doubled free cash in Q4. I will add more color on this later; so as said, an impressive Q4. Now, let's have a look at the segment performance in more detail, starting with Imaging. Imaging grew strongly by almost 8% against a very tough comparable of 11% growth in the prior year quarter. We saw particularly strong growth in Computed Tomography and in Molecular Imaging where new traces for theranostic drove volumes in our US PETNET business. The adjusted EBIT margin in Imaging came in at an outstanding 24.2%. This corresponds to a year-over-year margin expansion of 180 basis points, driven by excellent conversion in the high-volume Q4. With this strong finish, as indicated, we reached our margin assumptions for Imaging laid out in November 2023 at the lower end with 21.1%, despite significantly stronger headwind from China than initially assumed. Now, let's have a look at Varian and Advanced Therapies on the next slide. Varian delivered a very strong finish in Q4 with more than €1.1 billion revenue after very steady quarters in Q1 to Q3, each with more than €0.9 billion. A great achievement also in terms of consistency, marking significant progress in comparison to last fiscal. The excellent growth of 10% was against very tough comps of 30% in the prior year quarter, having in mind last year's Q4 caught up on revenues from Q3 spillovers. Looking at margin performance, Varian achieved a solid 17.1% margin, the highest margin quarter in fiscal year 2024 after continuous sequential margin expansion every quarter in 2024. A really decent performance, taking into account around 100 basis points of currency headwinds in Q4. Advanced Therapies continued its successful top line performance, with strong comparable revenue growth of 7%. In terms of the adjusted EBIT margin, we saw an expansion of 250 basis points year-over-year, driven by excellent conversion from growth in the high-volume Q4, nicely showing what the business is capable of returning consistently to industry leading margin levels. And now let's have a look at Diagnostics. Excluding antigen, Diagnostics continued to grow by 1%. Bear in mind that we still had roughly €50 million of antigen revenue in last year's Q4 by the way, for the last time. Diagnostic achieved a year-over-year margin expansion from 2% ex antigen in the prior year quarter to 5% this quarter. Margin was held back by prior period effects of over 200 basis points, clearly with a one-off character. These were primarily related to increased provisions for reimbursement requests in the Italian healthcare industry, which related to prior year periods. Excluding this effect, the margin would have amounted again to about 7% in Q4. Hence, the business saw again very decent underlying margin expansion from the transformation program. Our strict execution of the transformation program made us achieve the envisioned €300 million of total savings a year ahead of time. As a result, we see the step change in profitability of Diagnostics and we are now a sounder business, sustainably lower cost levels and significantly less complexity. The investment of €450 million transformation cost during 2023 and 2024 consisting of severance and other restructurings paid off. We now have a streamlined portfolio and, as I said, a leaner organization and are significantly less complex. As we have further transformational potential, I will touch on the financial effects of the next phase of the transformation in our segment assumptions later in the call. Let me now focus your attention from our segment performance on to our achievements in free cash flow. Free cash flow has not only more than doubled in Q4, free cash flow has also increased significantly in the full fiscal year by more than 60% to €2.1 billion. This was driven by higher earnings and by lower inventory levels, which improved the inventory turn significantly in Q4 year-over-year. Let me highlight another development in operating working capital turns. The turns of receivables and I include here contract assets in that number remained stable in Q4 year-over-year, despite the high-volume Q4. This is a visible progress from our cash program, which we also see in the consistently increasing cash conversion rates throughout the year, and we expect to see more progress from the cash program in 2025. The cash conversion rate improved to 0.9% for the full fiscal year, driven by good progress in all segments. All segments reported a conversion rate in fiscal year 2024, which was on target to what we laid out back in 2021 at our Capital Market Day. So, we keep the focus on improving earnings and operating working capital turns to drive free cash flow. But before we dive further into next fiscal year, let's have a quick recap on last fiscal year. In fiscal year 2024, we delivered every quarter more revenue at better margins sequentially, as well as year-over-year. We were able to do this based on our strong fundamentals, a continuously expanding order backlog, substantiating future revenue growth, a consistently higher share of recurring revenue, and a financial framework that protects margin expansion, for example, of our successful managed pricing measures to counter inflationary effects. And this added up to a very successful fiscal year 2024. But now, let's turn from last year to the next year to our fiscal year 2025. Also next year, we expect very good revenue and earnings growth. We expect comparable revenue growth of 5% to 6% in fiscal year 2025. And we expect adjusted basic earnings per share between €2.35 and €2.50. In other words, earnings will grow at least at the rate of revenue and on the upper end by low-double digits. This earnings growth includes a year-over-year headwind in financial income and in tax expenses, which we expect to more than compensate with healthy margins expansion in all segments. Please be reminded of the fact that this is an outlook for the full fiscal year and performance in a single quarter may differ. I will add some more color on the expected segment performance on the next slide with the underlying assumptions for the group outlook. Let me share first our underlying assumption on the development in China in fiscal year 2025. We assume China revenue in the first half of fiscal year 2025 to decline mid-single-digits to high-single-digit percentage points. And in the second half of 2025, we assume revenue to be roughly at the level of the second half of fiscal 2024. Let me add that we expect healthy development in the other 90% of the business in the Americas, in EMEA and in Asia Pacific Japan. And this brings me to the underlying assumptions for the group outlook for segments and other items. We assume for fiscal year 2025, revenue growth and margin expansion in all segments. On this slide, you see the assumption for each segment. We are giving a bit more color on the assumed margin expansion in Varian and Diagnostics since they are additional drivers which come on top of the margin expansion from scale. Varian continues to benefit from the combination both in faster growth and in margin expansion, and the Diagnostic margin benefits from the transformation savings rolling fully into fiscal year 2025 as well as from further identified transformation potential. The assumption for Diagnostic also includes some headwinds from volume-based procurement in China expected to impact the growth and margin expansion more in the second half of the fiscal year. Let me emphasize one thing. These are assumptions for the full year and quarterly performance may differ. That said, I would like to briefly allude to our current view on Q1. We expect a soft Q1 with revenue growth to be below the group outlook and Imaging, Varian and Advanced Therapies to be below the respective growth assumptions. With soft growth, we would also expect margin development in these three segments in Q1 year-over-year to be rather held back versus the full-year assumption of broad-based margin expansion. Bear in mind that Q4 with the year-end finish is not a good precursor for Q1. Diagnostic will stay on track on its transformation path. Two comments on the other assumptions. The year-over-year decrease in financial income comes from the falling away of extraordinary tailwind from equity income in 2024. The tax rate normalizes in 2025 after we saw some extraordinary positive effects, bringing the tax rate down in the last two years that we do not assume to repeat itself in fiscal year 2025. And on that note, I hand it over to Bernd to talk about our more medium-term growth perspectives and sources of growth. Thanks, Jochen. We have shown you this chart quite a few times before. Hence, I am only bringing it up as a reminder. It summarizes the key long-term drivers of growth for our business and how we plan to address these drivers. To make this a bit more tangible, the following chart showcase three concrete examples for how we innovate continuously for better diagnosis and treatment addressing key clinical needs and one example that nicely shows how the world innovates for us. In this first example, I will show you how we innovate in cardiac care. Coronary artery disease affects more than 100 million people and results in millions of death each year, making it the most common cause of death globally. This results in about 13 million invasive catheter procedures every year. More than half of these procedures are for diagnosis purposes only, where obstructive coronary artery disease cannot be excluded by the clinical assessment alone. Conventional CT scanners are limited when it comes to cardiac imaging in terms of speed of image acquisition, spatial resolution and soft tissue resolution. Even the best of the traditional scanners can struggle with heavily calcified coronary arteries and stent imaging, making it hard for physicians to provide precise answers or concrete diagnosis or for the lovers of clinical detail, conventional CT examinations suffer from moderate specificity and positive predictive value. This is mainly due to the so-called calcium blooming, an artifact which is caused by high density structures such as calcified plaques and metallic objects which appear larger than their true size. Beside the effect on the stenosis grading, small but relevant components of plaques may be not recognizable in conventional examinations. Consequently, in most institutions, invasive procedures with a catheter are still the method of choice for an accurate diagnosis of obstructive disease, especially in challenging cases. With photon-counting computed tomography, we developed a radically new technology which will change this. Photon-counting computed tomography visualizes small coronary vessels, stents and plaques in high resolution without artifacts. It helps physicians to provide precise answers to guide treatment and therapy decisions, enabling them to perform angiography procedures, even for the patients with stents and heavy calcifications. This significantly reduces the need for invasive procedures for diagnostic-only purposes. It allows for faster treatment and reduces the burden for patients. But every patient, every case is different. To achieve a maximum personalized treatment, interventionalists need precise information and seamless workflows. Our systems are embedded into a fully integrated workflow, allowing for faster pre-procedural planning with patient-centered scan protocols for detailed anatomic assessments. This significantly supports the intervention with our angiography systems and facilitates especially challenging procedures. We are setting the standard in coronary CT angiography with our photon-counting CT technology. It is the technology of the future in CT and this is just one example how it is changing standards of care. More than 12 million people suffer from a stroke with more than half of them dying and many left with permanent disability per year. Stroke is a leading cause of death and disability worldwide. With an aging population, we will see a significant increase in the number of stroke cases and deaths from stroke. Almost 80% of stroke cases are caused by obstruction; that is the blockage of arteries in the brain, leading to reduced blood supply to the brain tissue. Brain cells start to die within minutes. Each minute saved in the time between onset of symptoms and treatment of an acute stroke increases the chances for good clinical outcomes. Rapid treatment may make the difference between living independently and needing constant nursing care. Therefore, time is brain. In order to do so, our customers need to understand the cause of the stroke to determine the right treatment. They need to understand the complex anatomy and flow dynamic. Therefore, image quality in a seamless and fast workflow are of the essence. We offer a versatile portfolio for fast stroke diagnosis and treatment. Let me pick out two innovations that speed up stroke care substantially. First, to save time right from the start, we are about to launch a CT scanner dedicated to ambulance cars, triaging the patient while still on the road, thus enabling fast diagnosis to select the right treatment. Complementary to this innovation, we provide a fast and easy data sharing platform between the mobile stroke unit and the hospital, Stroke Connect. Second, we offer a one-stop shop in stroke workflow, also known as angio-only approach, leading to a significant time reduction in door-to-reperfusion times compared to the standard workflow. Our customers can decide to skip computed tomography when the patient arrives in the hospital and to bring him or her directly to angio suite. Our ARTIS icono can perform diagnosis and treatment as a one-stop shop on the angio system and it pays off. We are market leader in interventional neuroradiology and are the leading partner in stroke care. Another area of market leadership is our suite of offerings in the cancer care continuum. In contrast to stroke treatment, the cancer patient journey is less straightforward and linear, and care is personalized and often multidisciplinary. We face 20 million new cancer cases per year worldwide, while the number of new cases keeps on growing, and every case is different. At Siemens Healthineers, we are bringing intelligence to the cancer care continuum by delivering intuitive and specialized therapy workflows improving patient outcomes. Let me give you two examples. First, a radiation therapy workflow integrated with MRI intelligence. But why dedicating MRI for radiation therapy? Computed tomography still remains an essential part of radiation treatment planning across many tumor types due to its high geometric accuracy, morphologic information for contouring and electron density information that is important for dose calculation. However, the improved target visualization in MR can be powerful due to its superior soft tissue contrast as many tumors are of soft tissue types. This enables better target delineation, better identification of organs at risk and better contribution to accurate treatment planning, delivery and monitoring. Allowing daily treatments to be adopted to the patient's deformations and tumor response and enabling innovative radiation treatment delivery, including intelligent dose modulation. This helps clinicians to easily reduce dose to organs at risk, improve treatment plan quality, and plan complex cases in less time. Second, we accelerate the adoption of newer modalities of care. Our latest example is an image-guided interventional microwave ablation system that is based on our leading imaging and radiation therapy competencies. This interventional system further personalizes care as it directly addresses ablation zones and it is designed to spare healthy tissues for more predictable outcomes. To sum it up, our ongoing innovations along the cancer care pathway allow for more targeted treatment and personalized therapies to improve patient outcomes. This will pave the way for future growth. Growth for us not only comes from our own innovations. It is also the result of the healthcare world innovating for us. New therapy approaches in cancer care and neurology based on innovations in pharma directly impact growth in our Molecular Imaging business and further substantiate our growth ambitions. Most prominent examples are Alzheimer's and theranostics with disease-modifying therapies that propel the need for our Molecular Imaging solutions. Alzheimer's disease and dementia impacts about 50 million people. About 1.5 million people die every year in the context of Alzheimer's disease complications. Several groundbreaking immunotherapy treatments have recently emerged that work to reduce better amyloid plaques that are discussed as the main trigger of Alzheimer's disease and other dementias. The first two drugs have been cleared by FDA, and this is just the beginning. PET imaging plays a critical role in the Alzheimer's disease care pathways as it is one of the only modalities available to evaluate beta-amyloid plaque burden and the success of the new drugs. Adding to this Molecular Imaging is also the key modality for theranostics, a highly targeted and individualized treatment using a radioactive agent to identify and mark cancer cells and a second agent to destroy those cells. Theranostics has proven effective in extending lives and improving quality of life of patients, especially also for those who have not responded to traditional cancer treatments such as radiation, chemotherapy and immunotherapy. Our pharma pipeline currently covers more than 25 other cancer types. PET/CT scans and SPECT/CT scans as well as MRI play a key role for the clinician to select the right treatment for the right patient, and to monitor therapy progress. We offer the broadest PET/CT portfolio in the market, from ultra-high-end systems for research to systems targeted to bringing digital PET/CT to a broader market. This is combined with the leading PET radiodiagnostic pharmacy network in the US, which we are about to further expand into Europe. This is another showcase how we lay the foundation for another future growth engine, helping healthcare providers and patients to deal with non-communicable diseases. However, not only the depth but also the breadth of our portfolio stands out and makes us an attractive partner for entire healthcare systems. Lately, we signed and booked further substantial 10-year contracts which sustain our growth profile. With Ballad Health, we signed one of our largest oncology partnerships, including eight TrueBeam linear accelerators, which offer high precision treatment options for a broad range of patient needs, and one Ethos adaptive radiotherapy system, which also incorporates AI to prepare precise calculations for oncologists. Additionally, we provide a portfolio of products and services to support the health system's unified oncology ecosystem. With the Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, we signed one of the largest value partnerships in the US with the aim to improve diagnosis and treatment across cardiology, oncology and neurology. The agreement aims to enhance clinical outcomes and drive value with initiatives related to operational efficiency, workforce development, digitalization and sustainability. These examples of long-term partnerships are great proof points that our innovative strength, our unique capability and portfolio are a sound foundation of attractive medium-term growth, a foundation that is reflected in our mid-term ambitions for beyond 2025. You may recall we introduced this framework in November 2023 and with the successful year 2024 and our outlook 2025, we clearly confirm this mid-term ambition. For group comparable revenue, we expect to grow mid- to high-single digits and for adjusted EPS, we expect to be a double-digit compounder. This is supported by the segment trajectories where we expect continuous growth and margin expansion. And on that note, I'd like to end and hand it over to Marc for the Q&A. Thank you, Bernd. And I would just briefly ask the operator to remind the audience of the rules of engagement for the Q&A, and then we can get started. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you, gentlemen. We will start today's question-and-answer session where we would like to ask you to limit yourself to two questions.  Okay, good. So, we would get started now. And the first one on the line, that would be Julien Dormois from Jefferies. So, Julien, you should be live now. Go ahead. Yes. Hi. Good morning, Bernd, Jochen and Marc. Thanks for taking my questions. I will limit myself to two. The first one relates to, I guess, the guidance for next year, for fiscal year 2025 and particularly focusing on Imaging. You are indicating that you target low-double-digit to mid-double-digits margin expansion. I think in previous conversations you were still hopeful that you could deliver maybe up to 100 basis points of margin expansion. So, maybe just trying to dissect what is behind this maybe slightly more cautious approach to margin expansion. Is that mostly about China or is there anything else behind? And the second question relates – it's a broader question and relates to the news that probably happened overnight and possibly the victory of Mr. Trump in the US. How do you envisage the possible return of tariffs in the US and how do you think you're prepared to something like this? Thank you very much. Yeah. Good morning, Julien. On guidance on Imaging, I think we were very clear about how we assumed China in our guidance and this has obviously also a clear effect on Imaging to say that upfront. And maybe to recall when we talk about Imaging margin expansion in normal years, we guide for 20 to 80 basis points based on the scale. When we had the discussion about what we expect for 2025 earlier, we were still back then assuming that China would be growing, and this would then made the 100 basis point margin expansion definitely a possible scenario. And as we said, in the call, we assume for China in the first half a decline in the mid-single-digits to high-single-digit percentage points. And we expect the second half to be more on the level of the second half of fiscal year 2024. And this has obviously also an impact on margin. So, the short answer is, yes, it's China. Yeah. And, Julien, for the other question on the outcome of the election, maybe first of all, when it comes to the US market, we don't expect major impacts on demand or different healthcare policies. I think this is also an important angle and it would have been – would have made our customers nervous already in the last year in case they would have expected a change depending on who wins the election. But your question was more around tariffs. Let me dissect it into two answers. On the one hand, there's the topic of, let's say, a US versus China situation. Here we are very, very well positioned because basically we have a twin factory setup. We deliver from China to China and we deliver to the US, from the US and from Europe. I think the second question maybe is what is the impact of even more tariffs when it comes to potential Europe versus United States situations. And here, let me remind you that despite Jochen and I may be speaking with a German accent, Siemens Healthineers is a company which has more employees in the US than in Germany. Two out of the four segments are headquartered in the United States, Varian and Diagnostics and even in the Imaging segment, Ultrasound and Molecular Imaging are headquartered in the US. So, we are, from a trade flow point of view, much more balanced than sometimes people assume. Very clear. Thanks for the French accent. Have a good day. So, then we go to the next one on the queue. That would be Hassan from Barclays. So, Hassan, please go ahead. Morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Firstly, another on China. Can you talk about the guidance for next year and your assumptions for China to be down mid-single digit to high-single digit in H1 and flat in H2? And how conservative you think these are given all the trends over the last year? And is stimulus something that would be upside? And what are your latest thoughts on stimulus? And then secondly, you call out the strength in CT in the quarter. What's driving this by region and to what extent are you seeing a significant contribution from photon-counting CT? And how is the mix of customers for this technology trending? And is it becoming a lot broader than academic and teaching hospitals? Thank you. Yeah. Hassan, let me start with China and I just make sure that we – that the China assumption is again very clear, mid-single-digit to high-single-digit percentage points decline in the first half. And then the assumption for the second half is, as you rightfully said, more flattish rate year-over-year. We expect our assumption to be a prudent assumption. And why did we pick this assumption at this point in time? Because we have not seen yet a significant trigger point for turnaround. The bigger part of the stimulus program is still work in progress and there's obviously a lot of pent-up demand, but it's unclear when this will come back and that are the main drivers behind our prudent assumption on China for this fiscal year. Hassan, when it comes to the CT-related questions, I mean, when it comes to the timing, this is largely an effect of the very strong US revenue slice in the second half of the last fiscal year and especially in the fourth quarter, which contained a lot of also CT business. And we also assume a pretty strong continuation of the US momentum, which was a little bit back-end loaded in the last fiscal year. When it comes to photon-counting in general, I mean, first of all, maybe I want to say this topic of – you kind of imply it's in the academic centers and that is, is this a limitation or not? So, first of all, it is super important to be in the academic centers, not only because it's a market, but because these are the trailblazers for creating new standards of care. Here we are extremely happy with how things are going, how new applications are developed. And one of the examples I gave in the presentation is really about new ways of using CT. We currently have as customers, on the one hand, the academic centers. We have the high-end imaging centers who differentiate by quality using the technology as a strong proof point for their own leading position. And we have many, many early adopters. The technology is, for example, used for initiating like cardiac screening programs and totally new applications. So, the conviction in the community is stronger than ever that this is the method of the future and that is just a question of time when every institution will have a photon-counting CT. And it's a half well-kept secret that you can expect at RSNA the next step when it comes to bringing this technology to additional price points and with this two additional market segments. Perfect. Thank you. I will see you there. Great. Exactly. Thanks, Hassan. So, we move over to David Adlington from JPMorgan. David, your line should be free. Good morning guys, and apology if you addressed this. I missed part of the call, but maybe I'm afraid just going back to China, maybe could you remind us what the orders have done there over the last 12 months and through Q4? And just returning to Hassan's question, how that translates into the sales profile you've given for this year and whether that could impact that second half flat expectations? Just maybe on from that really, it's just a slightly bigger question. Are you seeing any increase in China for a China for China policy in Imaging? And does the local competition, do you think, have the capacity to really step into that opportunity? Thanks. Yeah. David, let me start again with the – how we baked in from an assumption standpoint China into our outlook. First of all, first half mid- to high-single-digit decline, second half flat. This is the assumption we baked into our outlook. As I said before and we believe this is a prudent outlook, what I did not say is that we – and I think we should say that always that we still believe this is a temporary topic in China and that the China market will stay attractive in the mid and long term absolutely. When we look at the equipment order development over time, over the last quarters, we see a relatively low level, but relatively stable low level. And that is the main assumption why I said we have not seen yet a significant – or a trigger, which would have changed our assumption to be a bit more prudent with regard to China. And with this, I hand over to Bernd. I mean, the question about local competition and potential tailwind given to them. I mean, first of all, I really want to make clear that what we see in the anti-corruption campaign is affecting every vendor or every company and this is not what sometimes people suspect and means to make it harder for the multinational companies. And maybe as two proof points for this, I mean we have in overall in the last 12 months slightly gained market share in China in this difficult situation. And when you look at the numbers of United Imaging as one of the local companies, you also see that they saw a significant decline in their numbers, including some heavily loss-making quarter. I mean, overall, it's very much about building scale in China, which we have successfully done and we are continuing to build on this. We have, as you may know, about 8,000 employees in China. We have our full product line in CT, MR, and so on and so on also in Varian as local production and also about 1,000 R&D engineers. And so, from that point of view, we are very well positioned and this scale helps us in a little bit of a different way to look at it this. I mean, we maybe grew up or at least I grew up, even I grew up in Imaging and CT and so on. I learned there is four companies or 3.5 global companies when it comes to the world. So, there is Siemens Healthineers or  Siemens Medizintechnik back then (00:45:53), GE, Philips and then there was Toshiba, which is now Canon. And what you see is that in China, it's just a different game. It is Siemens, GE, United Imaging game in Imaging and you can basically see that those who are lacking scale have a real difficult time in this market. But I'm very optimistic about our position and we get a lot of also encouragement of and support when it comes to the local authorities. It's great. Thank you. Thanks, David. So, we go to the next one in the queue. That would be Hugo from Exane. So, please go ahead, Hugo. Hi, guys. Hello. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two. First on the beyond 2025 mid-term ambition, could you confirm that the double-digit adjusted EPS growth assume or not a China recovery and relies or not on a China recovery? Second on Diagnostics, could you expand maybe a bit on the incremental transformation potential that you are uncovering or is it expected to play out this year? Thank you. Yeah. Hugo, first on the mid-term target, as reiterated by Bernd in his presentation, it's most likely a bit too early to say exactly what the assumptions are in detail what we baked in here also. But I think it's also important to repeat what I said on China. We expect the Chinese market to be an attractive market in the mid and long term. And this, I think, gives you an answer. Obviously, we expect to see China contributing to growth in the future. Absolutely. Secondly, on Diagnostic transformation, I think, first of all, we are extremely happy what we have seen so far in Diagnostics. Margin pivoted from slightly below zero in 2023 now to north of 5%, between 5% and 6%. And we expect this to proceed this year with a margin expansion potential of 200 to 400 basis points. This is the assumption we baked into our outlook and this is, I would say, another significant step forward. And this significant step forward comes, first of all, from, I would say, the full potential of the measures we have already taken in 2024, but also measures we – additional measures we can take while we, so to say, consolidate our legacy footprint. And I deliberately used the word footprint because we also have saving measures which kick in a bit later than others, because we have stopped selling legacy platforms, but we have not yet because we could not yet because we have still an installed base of legacy, resolve all – I would say all the footprint which is needed to cater for the legacy platforms. And these are the main drivers behind further savings potential. Thank you very much. Thanks, Hugo. So, we move on to Graham Doyle from UBS. Graham, please go ahead. Morning. Thanks, guys. Just two questions for me. Firstly, on the Diagnostics business, the growth again for this year of low-single digit looks reasonably slow, but obviously it has been improving in recent years. So, I was just wondering when do you think the mix can improve just to an extent that Diagnostics  (00:50:04) in line with the group. And then maybe just a second question on the guidance, I suppose it kind of relates to China here, too, which is if you roll back a year ago, you took a view on China. And in the end, things are worse than expected, as it was for all companies. When you look at it now, it seems that you're pretty cautious, given where orders seem to be right now. And do you think that you have built in a bit more buffer maybe this year and can withstand a bit more volatility in that guidance? Just to get a sense of how your thinking has changed over the last year. Thank you. Yeah. Graham, let me start with China and the China outlook. I think as we said, to give you again the full picture, the China market will remain an attractive market for Siemens Healthineers in the mid and long term, no doubt for us. Therefore, we see the market weakness as a temporary topic in the nearer term. We assumed and we believe that our assumption is a prudent assumption for this fiscal year, the mid- to higher-single-digit decline in the first half and then the flattish development year-over-year in the second half. And as said beforehand, why did we do this despite the announced stimulus program and obviously the pent-up demand which should kick in at some point in time is that we have not seen yet a trigger which would give us more confident to have a more positive assumption baked into our outlook. That's it at the end of the day. And maybe repeat also what I answered to David beforehand is when we look at the trajectory of the equipment order intake in China over the last quarters, this is a relatively flattish line. And for us a clear testament to that, the trigger has not happened yet. Graham, to the Diagnostics question, as you know, as a reminder, I'm sure you know, I mean in the central lab portion of the business, which is about a little bit less than two-thirds of the Diagnostics revenue, we are now in a situation where we are roughly in a 50/50 split between the Atellica franchise as revenue contributor and the legacy revenues. The Atellica business is probably or, for sure, the fastest-growing business in the central lab market. It is continuously growing in the high-teens at least. But this is compensated for a while by, on the one hand, the legacy going away and to partially also switching over. But then there is also – to some extent also an intent to also make sure that not every non-profitable leftover business is there to continue. So, it's also a bit of a question of how to – in this case, how to balance good or how to differentiate between good and bad top line. And this is in the end why growth is still in the levels which you saw in this year, but on the other hand, of course, seeing that spectacular uplift of 600 basis points or so in profitability shows that we are doing the right things. We will in the next, I would say, in the next two years, we will still see this as the main story of this switch from legacy going down to Atellica, burdening the growth rate. And I mean we will see a stepwise improvement to then go into a – what I call a 3% to 5% or so growth rate, which is the target. When you look at the Diagnostics targets, they are a little bit below that – also in the midterm below what we say for the group, because you wanted to – you asked whether it is "dilutive" to the group growth profile. So, it is slightly also in the target state, most likely below the overall group growth. That's great. Thank you very much, guys. Really appreciate the color. Thanks, Graham. So, we move on to Robert Davies from Morgan Stanley. Robert, please go ahead. Morning. Thank you for taking my questions. My first one was actually on the US market. That's been a pillar of strength for you, I guess, over the last sort of 12 months. I'd just be curious in terms of a bit more color and feedback of what's going on in the ground there, what's driving the strength and how sustainable do you think those kind of impressive growth rates are? The second one was just where we're at in terms of sort of China stimulus and how is the mechanics working? Is it any clearer yet how that's going to sort of filter through? Is it actually sort of turning up in orders yet? Who's actually paying for it? Is it sort of coming as grants or loans? Any other color would be great. Thank you. Yeah. Robert, thank you. I mean in the US, it's the combination of, on the one hand, nice continued market share gains, but also a healthy market. I would say healthy, not spectacular. Healthy market. When you look at market share gains, it's driven by – I mean, hands down, it's the best portfolio and there's a great – we have a great reputation. We are using our scale also to deliver the best service experience. We are just closer to the customer because we are just also the bigger and more successful team and customers somehow feel that this is a great company to work with, I mean, but we are also humbled by the way and keep – and stay paranoid in all the topics we are doing. Another reason on top of the portfolio is that we are – when it comes to addressing the C-level and with the value partnerships, it really translates into significant business and it is almost taking some of the "market," call it, off the street, because when we enter into long-term agreements, then this is not a transactional business for the future, which one has to have a street fight over and in a much more meaningful collaboration with these customers. So, this combination of innovative strength of better ways of addressing customers and their specific challenges from how to expand into ambulatory care, how to solve workforce challenges, and so on and so on. Plus, I mean, just having a really nimble sales and service organization is the share driver. When it comes to the market being intact, I mean, there is healthy demand, there is procedure growth, plus there is this ambulatory care expansion. Many people, many of our customers look at building up networks, looking into the outpatient market, new care settings, which in the end also helps us to continue to build up our installed base and footprint. And, Robert, on China, I mean, first of all, the stimulus program – you asked particularly about the stimulus program is still work in progress. The only topic which is relatively well defined is the smallest package, so to say, for the high-end 44 state-owned hospitals. All the others are still – still they're working. And when we look at the trajectory of the equipment order intake, it still has not picked up. It's very stable on a low level and that is the missing trigger, making us confident for delivering a more, I would say, more positive assumption relative to the prudent assumption of the mid- to high-single-digit decline in the first half and then a flattish development in the second half, just to say this again. But say there's also again in the mid and the longer term, we see – we believe in the attractiveness of the Chinese market and there is a lot of pent-up demand. The question is, when will this kick in? And maybe one aspect because we had that topic before and on Diagnostics also, I think when we think about the – a bit more, I would say, slower growth trajectory in Diagnostics. We have also here, from a growth trajectory perspective, a temporary effect which is impacting the whole industry, which is the volume-based procurement initiative particular to Diagnostics in China, which was also highlighted by our main competitors in Diagnostics just to say this again. Understood. Thank you. You're welcome. Thanks, Robert. As we are – almost we are on the top of the hour, we have the last one in the queue. That's Dylan from Stifel. And we'll just give him a chance to ask his one or two questions and then we will close the call afterwards. You should be live. Thanks, guys. Just one for me. Just on photon-counting, obviously, expected a lot from RSNA. Could you just remind us how you're looking at the replacement cycle as – I think there's a pretty large tail of older CTs out there. And should we be expecting a disproportionate shift to photon-counting similar to what we saw after the dual source CTs came out like 15 or 20 years ago? Sorry. I had a little bit of acoustic problems, and Marc looks like he hasn't understood the question well. Yeah. Maybe, so you were making a parallel to the growth rates of CT when moving to dual source. If we expect a similar evolution with photon-counting, is that what you wanted to know, Dylan? Yes,  (01:01:46). Yes. Yes. Yeah. I mean, yes. Or let's say, I think the even maybe the more accurate, let's see, what is the better comparison? I mean, when you look at – I mean dual source has been a huge driver of our growth and another historic analogy is the adoption of Multislice CT which was around the early 2000s, which was a technology which is similar like a photon-counting CT where everybody says, okay, this is going to be the future and it's just a question of timing. I need to have it here. Dual source CT is a little bit of a different animal because it was – it stayed and was always meant to stay a technology which is for the high-end and mid-range – or upper mid-range of the CT market, while photon-counting CT really has the opportunity to address step by step the entire CT market down to the entry level. Which is one of the topics also why we are – what we are driving now, how do we get into more volume? How do we – this is why we built our – built up our semiconductor factory for that special material and so on and so on. We will have the economies of scale and we are not only leader in innovation, but also a leader in scaling the technology, which is now the much more important part of the game from our point of view. Because I mean, being ahead of the curve and this will definitely enhance the growth profile in CT because it is, in a way, when it comes to – out of two reasons. I think, on the one hand, it has the tendency for everyone to shorten the replacement cycle because there is a real reason, a big reason when you have whatever seven, eight-year old CT to say when I change now. I really have a significant change where there's more like a moderate upgrade of possibilities. And the other growth driver is and that is coming back to the remarks in the beginning in my speech that photon-counting CT also drives new applications like this non-invasive assessment of a severe coronary artery disease. It is – it can become a screening, a larger scale screening technology from lung cancer, but also then especially to arteriosclerosis, plus many, many other applications where it's not only driving procedure growth with new procedures, but it also will be deployed at new sites of care where so far, there was no CT because there was no reason to have a CT. And in the end, I mean, what you will see at RSNA will be a big step in this direction. That was just a cue that I wanted to pick up on. So, thanks, Dylan, for the question and thanks also for dialing in today and the good improvement, let's say, to the point Q&A. I think I wanted to get your eyes off the fact that we'll be on the road tomorrow virtually in the US. Next week we'll be in the UK also at several conferences in the next weeks. And obviously we have the RSNA coming up where we will be hosting booth tours and you'll be having a chance to see Jochen Schmitz in person as well. So, a lot of things that you can look forward to and we look forward to seeing you on the road or virtually in meetings. So, till then, bye-bye. That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen. A recording of this conference call will be available on the Investor Relations section of the Siemens Healthineers website. 
            