
            Management Discussion: Kia ora tatou and thanks for joining us today for Spark's Full Year Results for the Year Ended June 30th, 2024. I'm joined today by CFO, Stefan Knight, and as always, we'll leave time for questions at the end of our presentation. As you know, our FY 2024 financial results are cycling the significant revenue and net profit declared in FY 2023 following the TowerCo and Spark Sport transactions. As such, both reported and adjusted year-on-year comparisons are provided. I'll speak to the adjusted numbers, which will strip out the impact of the one-off gain to provide a like-for-like performance comparison. Fair to say it's been a challenging year for Spark with recessionary economic conditions creating a tough operating environment. We saw growth in key markets with mobile service revenues surpassing NZD 1 billion for the first time, and our key products, data centers and high-tech continuing to grow. This was offset as economic conditions impacted demand in IT services. We saw intensified competition of business mobile and led to lower mobile device and accessory sales. As a result, adjusted revenue decreased 1.2% to NZD 3.861 billion. We accelerated our SPK-26 Operate Programme in half two, but could not adapt the cost base to changing demand quickly enough with benefits to be largely realized in the FY 2025. As a result, FY 2024 adjusted EBITDAI reduced 2.5% to NZD 1.163 billion. Lower EBITDAI, higher finance expenses, and higher depreciation impacted adjusted impact, which declined 21% to NZD 342 million. Free cash flow reduced 32.5% to NZD 330 million as a result of lower EBITDAI and higher interest and non-cash earnings and contributed to higher net debt. This was a disappointing outcome, but as we look to the year ahead, our business fundamentals remained strong. We've got a clear path to return to growth in FY 2025, which I'll speak to in more details shortly. We're also pleased that customer satisfaction grew 7 points. Employee engagement remained strong and our top quartile sustainability benchmarking was maintained. Finally, the board approved a total FY 2024 dividend of NZD 0.275, a 100% imputed. So if we turn now to our telco market performance on slide 4. Mobile service revenue increased 3.1% as connections grew and price increases were implemented. This was below our aspiration of 5%, with headline growth impacted by business mobile, which declined 3.5% as price competition intensified. And we saw some lines hitting as businesses restructured. In consumer, mobile service revenues grew 4.3% and SME was up 1.6%. Broadband performance was consistent with prior years decreasing 2.1% to NZD 613 million. This is a price-driven market with the recessionary environment, tightening consumer budgets. We saw intensified price competition particularly from non-telco operators. We continue to manage profitability through our annual price reviews and growing the addressable market for wireless broadband. If I look at our digital services market performance on slide 5, our overall IT revenues decreased 1.6% to NZD 692 million. This marked a return to growth in our key products, which was driven by a 7.7% increase in cloud as businesses continued to digitize. It was in IT services that we saw the most significant impact from broader economic conditions, as public sector spending cuts, project deferrals and lower private sector investment drove a 14.9% decline. Our focus in FY 2025 is to transform our enterprise and government division to deliver better customer experiences at a lower cost. Our data center revenue growth exceeded our target, increasing 54.2% to NZD 37 million as our Takanini campus expansion completed and new revenue streams came online. Finally, our high-tech revenues grew 21.5% to NZD 79 million, as IoT had a new milestone of over 2 million devices connected to our networks, and MATTR continued to scale. Looking at our ESG performance on slide 6, we were pleased to see our external benchmarking increase into the top quartile of all global telecommunications companies during the year. Our 5G rollout and Skinny Jump ambitions remained on target. For our science-based emissions reduction target, we're currently tracking 18.6% above the pathway we need to be on to hit our 2030 ambition. The most significant contributor to this increase was a one-off event where an alarm triggered the release of fire suppressant at one of our exchanges. Without this event, we would be 5.7% above our pathway due to the increased emissions intensity on the New Zealand grid. We did, however, make strong progress towards future emissions reductions when we signed a 10-year renewable energy partnership with Genesis. This will account for around 60% of our annual electricity requirements and we'll make a significant contribution towards our reduction target once it comes online in January 2025. Our FY 2024 indicators of success are outlined on slide 7. While we're pleased to exceed the number of our targets, including data center revenue growth, IoT connection growth and our growth cost out reduction target, and our customer satisfaction scores, we also made solid progress in mobile service revenue growth and 5G capable sites. As I spoke to earlier, we did not hit our targets for IT and procurement and while high-tech revenue grew 21.5%, it was below our original ambition. These areas of the business are more exposed to the current downturn we were experiencing. Wireless broadband growth also below our expression as competition intensity increased. While we saw employee engagement drop slightly from FY 2023 as we made changes to our operating model, we are pleased to remain above the median for large companies in New Zealand. Turning now to our strategy and our plan to return to growth in FY 2025, starting on slide 9. This is the first year of SPK-26, our new three-year strategy. As we look ahead, we remain committed to the ambitions we set out on the strategy with a particular focus on mobile, digital infrastructure and cost reduction as we transition through this challenging period. Positively, many of our key growth drivers are enduring. Our leadership in the growing mobile market will support top line growth as demand for data continues to grow. Customer experience remains strong, and annual price reviews enable us to realize the value of our mobile network investment. Through the Operate Programme, we will deliver further material labor and OpEx net cost reductions to help insulate margins. Our data center strategy is a strong growth opportunity over the medium-term. With our development pipeline now sitting at 118 megawatts, we are well-positioned to capture significant share of predicted market growth. Finally, we remain committed to maintaining financial strength and flexibility, our focus on free cash flow growth and net reduction through higher EBITDA and lower FY 2025 CapEx. I'm now going to provide an update on our data center strategy as outlined on slide 10 to 12. It's a highly attractive market that is set to grow rapidly. Cloud uptake is still scaled in New Zealand and AI is driving significant increases in capacity demand globally across all sectors. Data centers are at the heart of that modern digital economy with the infrastructure we build now supporting the long-term growth. Spark is a natural owner of data center assets and a large user of data centers ourselves. We currently have around 25% market share and our development pipeline now totals 118 megawatts. In the context of the market set to grow to 500 megawatts by 2030, this positions us to maintain material share of a much larger market. We have three strategic Auckland locations to deliver compelling investment portfolio. Auckland remains the epicenter of data center investment for New Zealand as the location of hyperscale of cloud regions and demand from customers has been there. Our 12 megawatt Takanini site is currently close to 100% contracted and in FY 2025 we'll commence construction of another 15 megawatt expansion. The campus can grow to a total capacity of around 75 megawatts in the future. Our 3 megawatt Aotea sites is strategically sought after due to its location as the key connection point for large customers, international submarine, cable systems and national networks. This campus can grow to a total capacity of around 90 megawatts in the future. And during the year, we secured land and resource consent for three strategic sites – our third strategic sites, sorry, on the North Shore, as part of our 43-hectare masterplan development with the surf park creator Aventuur. This campus can grow to a total capacity of 40 megawatts, which will be delivered in stages. This pipeline will see us invest around NZD 1 billion of CapEx over the next five to seven years, and we will be targeting an internal rate of return of around 10% to 15% over the expected investment horizon. The reinstatement of the dividend reinvestment plan for the FY 2024 H2 dividend and a potential hybrid capital notes issuance will help fund this growth opportunity in the near-term. We'll also explore other equity funding options, such as capital partnerships. Stef's going to cover more on that funding plan in more detail shortly. So if we turn now to our focus on cost in our SPK-26 Operate Programme. As we transition through the current economic conditions, we plan to significantly reduce our cost base to support margin growth in FY 2025. In FY 2024, we brought labor costs back to largely flat and operating costs were down in an inflationary environment. In FY 2025, we must go further and we're targeting NZD 50 million net labor cost reduction and a NZD 30 million net OpEx reduction. A key enabler of this cost reduction is the transformation of our enterprise and government division. This change will address structural segment challenges by integrating our subsidiaries into Spark to reduce duplication, simplifying our product portfolio and processes, and delivering better customer experiences at lower cost. Lastly, I want to touch on our AI program as outlined on slide 14, which is another key enabler of our Operate Programme. This year has seen a significant acceleration in generative AI capabilities globally, which enables use cases with wide applicability across our business. After years of investment in data driven marketing, we are in a strong position to leverage this development with extensive in-house AI capability already in place. We have established a dedicated transformation team that is driving the testing and deployment of our highest value use cases across Spark, which are outlined on the slide for your reference. This will not only support our focus on cost reduction, but also sharpen our competitive edge by helping our people to deliver for our customers in new and more effective ways. So to summarize, FY 2024 was not the start to our three-year strategy we had aim for and like all businesses in New Zealand, we've had to adapt at pace. We expect challenging market conditions to persist some way into FY 2025 and we have a robust cost reduction program in place to insulate Spark. Cost focus is matched by a clear ambition to return to growth in FY 2025 through our core markets of mobile, our digital infrastructure investments and disciplined capital management. I'm now going to hand over to Stef to talk you through the financials. Thanks, Jolie, and good morning, everyone. So I'll now go through the key financial summaries. So starting with an overview of the key movements in revenue as outlined on Slide 17. So revenues of NZD 3.86 billion were down 1.2%. With the impact of challenging economic conditions outweighing growth in mobile, IT products and high-tech. Mobile service revenues were up NZD 30 million or 3.1%, and Jolie has already outlined the key drivers of growth here. IT product revenue growth continued and it was up NZD 18 million or 3.5%. The growth was driven by new client wins, increased workloads as customers continue to move to the cloud. While it was pleasing to see growth in these core products, our IT services revenue were down NZD 29 million or 14.9% as public and private sector spending cuts deepened and digital transformation projects were deferred. As market conditions deteriorated, we moved decisively on the cost base in H2 and we combined with the transformation of the Enterprise and Government that Jolie spoke to earlier, we will realize significant labor or net labor cost reductions in FY 2025. Mobile non-service revenues, which primarily relate to devices, were down NZD 26 million or 5.3% as customers refresh devices less frequently in response to the inflationary environment. Voice revenues also declined at a faster rate than FY 2023 and were down NZD 51 million or 22.1%. As elevated  OX100 (00:13:00) volumes in the prior year did not repeat and as we continue to decommission legacy technologies such as the PSTN. Lastly, other product revenue declined NZD 36 million or 20.9% due mainly to the exit of Spark Sport. And we saw an increase in other games revenues, which were up by NZD 69 million to NZD 102 million. And there were two primary drivers of this increase. So firstly, as we implemented our new three-year strategy, we secured a number of key technology partnerships with strategic suppliers to support our 5G and cloud strategies. This included the investment of supplier equipment into our network at no cost, which helped unlock new markets or will help unlock new markets and customer growth in line with our strategy.  Secondly (00:13:48), we made adjustments to mobile tower leases which are – including the tower relocations that we have seen leases canceled and new leases created. And this gives rise to a non-cash gain. We expect these other gains to return to more normalized levels in FY 2025. So also on page 17, we outlined the adjusted operating costs of NZD 2.7 billion were down NZD 17 million or 0.6% as lower product costs were offset by restructuring costs and inflationary pressures. Product costs decreased by NZD 53 million or 2.9%, which included the exit of Spark Sport, lower procurement volumes and lower voice input costs. Labor costs were broadly flat at NZD 512 million. This represents a change in trajectory from the first half where labor costs were up NZD 10 million and reflects interventions made as part of the SPK-26 Operate Programme to align labor costs with changing revenue trends. Operating costs increased by NZD 35 million or 8.7%, driven by a full year of charges under the Connexa lease arrangement, bad debt costs and severance costs. With adjusted revenues down NZD 47 million and costs down NZD 17 million, we saw EBITDA reduced by NZD 30 million. And so our adjusted EBITDAI was up NZD 20 million in H1, challenging trading conditions intensified in the second half. And as a result, we saw adjusted EBITDAI reduced 2.5% to NZD 1.163 billion for the year. The decrease in adjusted EBITDAI was one of the drivers of lower adjusted NPAT, which was down NZD 91 million or 21%. Depreciation and amortization increased by NZD 23 million as our asset base grew following increased investment of 5G and data center assets. While, finance expense also increased by NZD 45 million, primarily due to higher debt and increased rates. So overall, this is a disappointing outcome driven by the recessionary economic environment and structural issues within our cost base, the latter of which we are addressing through our Operate Programme. Moving now to CapEx on slide 18. FY 2024 CapEx was NZD 518 million broadly flat with the prior year and in line with guidance. Over two-thirds of our capital investment was invested into our network and digital infrastructure and proven resilience and underpinning growth in key markets such as mobile, data centers and high-tech. Maintenance CapEx was flat at NZD 359 million, with spent focused on mobile, delivering a 28% uplift in capacity; our IoT networks; IT systems to support efficiency and better digital customer experiences, accelerated AI deployment and licensing for automation. Growth CapEx of NZD 159 million was similar to prior year. However, the composition was different with less growth CapEx committed to data centers as our 10 megawatt POD2 expansion at our Takanini campus completed, and we commenced planning for POD3. This was offset by an increase in 5G as we accelerated our rollout and invested on the foundations of 5G standalone. In FY 2025, we'll reduce our CapEx investment to around NZD 460 million to NZD 480 million. So moving now to free cash flow and net debt on slide 19. So it is important to remember that we started the year with around NZD 0.5 billion lower opening net debt, reflecting the receipt of telco proceeds which were reinvested and returned to shareholders during FY 2024. So free cash flow for FY 2024 was NZD 330 million, which was down NZD 159 million on the prior year. The decline was driven by lower EBITDAI and a higher portion of noncash gains during the period which were excluded from our free cash flow and also higher interest costs. This result was significantly below our aspiration. Our capital investment program was heavily weighted to H1, and when the market turned significantly in the second half, we didn't have the flexibility to adjust quickly enough to impact our debt metric. As a result of that, our net debt to EBITDAI ratio increased to 2.1 times at 30 June, in excess of S&P's A- credit rating guidelines at 1.7 times. We remain committed to our A- credit rating and plan to reduce debt back to targeted levels of net debt to EBITDAI around 1.7 times. Our on-market share buyback has now  concluded (00:18:25) and we have a clear focus on net debt reduction in FY 2025. So this includes growing free cash flow to between NZD 400 million and NZD 440 million through EBITDAI growth and non-cash items returning to normalized levels, through reduced capital investment, the reinstatement of the DRP with a 3% discount and a potential hybrid capital notes issuance to provide greater balance sheet strength and flexibility. As Jolie mentioned earlier, we're also exploring other equity funding options to support our data center growth strategy, including capital partnerships. We remain committed to the capital management framework and on slide 20, we've outlined how it will be applied in FY 2025. Our focus is on maximizing shareholder value by increasing dividends over time, through free cash flow growth, continuing to invest for future growth, and maintaining our financial strength and flexibility. We are guiding to an FY 2025 dividend of NZD 0.27 per share, which will be funded through a combination of free cash flow and the reinstatement of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. This does equate to a payout ratio in excess of 100%, but noting that the DRP will reduce the cash payment. For FY 2025 we'll impute the dividend at NZD 0.75, reflecting lower FY 2024 tax payments. We'll continue to invest for growth with maintenance CapEx funded through EBITDAI and data center growth CapEx funded through a combination of the DRP and potential issuance of hybrid capital notes and exploring other equity funding options, such as the capital partnerships I mentioned earlier. As previously outlined, we remain committed to the investment grade credit ratings and have an active plan in place to reduce debt levels accordingly. So turning now to our outlook on slide 22. Looking ahead to FY 2025, we are resolutely focused on returning to revenue growth while significantly reducing our cost base to insulate the business from the economic environment. We expect challenging conditions to persist  somewhere (00:20:23) into FY 2025, while noting some immediate signs of economic recovery. But we're not relying on this and haven't  (00:20:31) material interventions during the year through our Operate Programme to adjust our cost base to match our revenues. This will continue in FY 2025, and we're targeting a NZD 50 million reduction in net labor costs and a NZD 30 million reduction in net operating costs. Our focus on cost is matched by our focus on growth. We're targeting 3% growth in mobile, around 20% to 25% growth in high-tech revenues and 15% growth in data center revenue as scale builds progressively over time in stabilization and IT services. This will be partially offset by market pressures and ongoing voice decline. So we've outlined our FY 2025 indicators of success on slide 23. These measures reflect our focus on revenue growth in mobile, data centers and high-tech and our significant our cost reduction program. As always, we've also included measures of broader organizational health, including customer satisfaction, employee engagement, and our sustainability performance. So lastly, moving on to guidance on slide 24. At FY 2025, we've set guidance subject to no material change in operating outlook as EBITDAI of NZD 1.165 billion to NZD 1.22 billion, CapEx of around NZD 460 million to NZD 480 million and a total FY 2025 dividend of NZD 0.275 per share, 75% imputed. So that now concludes the formal component of the presentation. Let's move to questions. Operator, could I get you to please introduce the first question? 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Arie Dekker with Jarden. Please go ahead. Oh, good morning. Just on the guidance, firstly, and as you noted, subject to no material as its change in operating outlook. I mean, given momentum currently in the business and the macro backdrop is difficult, could you just provide a little bit of clarity on what your base assumption on operating conditions through FY 2025 is for that guidance range? I think if you break it into different components, it's the three key components, Arie. Firstly, on mobile market is expected to grow at around 3%. So it's maintaining share within that. We look at our cost program. So NZD 50 million net reduction and labor is NZD 30 million and OpEx that underpins a lot of that growth. And then IT market looking more at stabilization in terms of IT services because IT products was in growth already and much of the work we've done around the cost reduction also is in that part of the business in terms of Enterprise and Government. So the other things that underpin it. We think about the macro conditions first half of 2025, we don't see significant improvement in that. And then beyond that, I guess, we rely on the work that we're doing internally within the business to support the sustainable cost base and earnings. Okay. Thanks for that. I noticed there was nothing on fixed wireless targets for FY 2025 or maybe I've missed it. Yeah. Could you just talk a little bit about that? Is it a feature of your other OpEx savings as the 5G penetration increases? What your plans are? What are the internal targets on fixed wireless for 2025? We haven't set a target specifically for wireless broadband  to initiate, but (00:24:24) it continues to be an opportunity for us to continue to grow  (00:24:28) particularly as we have rollout of 5G and you can see now that we have the  (00:24:32) modems, have the measurement of the speeds. And you can see that speeds have grown quite substantially in terms of – particularly on 5G, I think it's significantly greater than 4G. So that looks to be an area of growth for us to hit and it helps contribute to the cost savings. That market has matured more, obviously,  as it grows and (00:24:52) broadband in the current economic environment is very price competitive as well. So that from an overall sort of settings perspective, it is still part of our growth ambition ahead and we're investing in the network to help support that.   Sure (00:25:10). And then just the labor cost savings, I mean, they're obviously pretty significant from the context of overall labor costs. I thought you've called out just then the areas where those costs are focused. I mean, how are you sort of managing the risks within the business? And also, I guess, the risk that you don't sort of cut costs, all those people in an area where cyclically you're down at the moment, but things should return back to growth in time. Could you just talk a little bit about that? Sure. Let me – so in the Operate Programme, while it's mainly around Enterprise, Government, it is not only around Enterprise, Government and we have made changes across other parts of our business. So consumer and the areas of the  cost of (00:26:00) mobile and broadband, they were made in the latter part of 2024 and also network and operations. Any time we shift our operating model, we're always looking at the balance of risk and making sure that we have a balanced approach to that and we never take these decisions obviously lightly to do. In terms of cyclical ways of structural, when we thought about Enterprise and Government, while there are macroeconomic factors affecting IT services, we have also looked at where we have duplications. So part of that change is about integrated  (00:26:30), simplification of product lines and processes, which lead to both potential labor and OpEx costs. So we have thought about which parts do we need to sustain and the talent that we need to retain within that and which parts do we need to make some adjustments, I guess, to just fetch where the markets are? Okay. And then just on capital management, a couple of last questions. I mean, I guess, it's proving challenged to consistently hit the aspirational targets on free cash flow. And I know that the target for FY 2025 is below what it was for FY 2024. I mean, how long are you willing to sort of, I guess, pay a dividend that sort of sits outside of 80% to 100% of net cash flow figure that you are targeting over the long run? Yeah. Hi, Arie. Stef here. So look, the capital management framework outlines our long run approach to the dividend and obviously, we set a – in conjunction with the board, we set an absolute amount for each year. So the amount for FY 2025 with free cash flow at NZD 400 million to 440 million, funds a good portion of the dividend, but not all of that. Our intention in this is to grow free cash flow back over time and that is absolutely aligned with our capital management framework, which is aligned around EBITDA growth and continuing to grow that free cash flow. So that it does fund the dividend over time. We'll obviously make a decision each year according to where we  (00:28:14). And then last one just on the data center partnering. Is it a focus in the business for that partnering process to be completed in FY 2025? And can you just comment briefly on where in that partnering process you sit today? Yeah. So, the data center funding approach is really in the immediate term, a combination of the DRP and the potential issuance of hybrid cash capital notes. We think that sees us through our – provides enough  time access for (00:28:49) at least the next 18 months. So that gives us some timing to work through the capital partnerships. And so we'll commence work on that, but we wanted to make sure that we have funding in place to see us through our media requirements, which we do and then we'll update the market as that evolves over time. Thank you. The next question comes from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hey, guys. Maybe just on the mobile service revenue outlook, again, when you're talking about 3% next year, I think it was basically flat in the second half. Just talk, I suppose the building blocks to get back to that 3% growth is what you're assuming from an enterprise market perspective? Yeah. So if you look at second half, you do see seasonal impacts to  travelers and others (00:29:34). You see that in our prepaid as well, which where we saw a decline in some of those coming through. We think about – if we break those two components, consumer, we still see the opportunity to grow. Customers are looking for more data and are moving up plans alongside there. We'll also have every year we review price and the different levers that sit around that and consider what we need to do there. In enterprise, the market does remain competitive. There has been also some  line shedding (00:30:03) in relation to restrictions as we go through 2025, we would expect that to stabilize somewhat  (00:30:09) is in growth. So we think all of those factors and the combination of continuing to see that demand for data growing will support the 3% growth ahead. Yes, perfect. And just I suppose with labor cost reduction, I think you made the comments in the presentation, but it sounds like we should be expecting more FTE changes, more initiatives through 2025. And so maybe a bit of a benefit coming through in FY 2026. I suppose, just how do I think about the timing of those OpEx initiatives  (00:30:40)? We've made significant changes during 2024, but yes, there are some that commenced in 2025. So you will have a component that will flow into 2026 as well as we do that into  (00:30:53) first half of the FY 2025. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. And just the capital partner that is under discussion, when you guys  (00:31:01) a lot of the upfront risk, I mean, you got the strategic value sort of relationships. So just interested what you'd be looking for in a partner? How you think about the terms of any sort of agreement and how it might change the economics on your side? Cheers. I think if we think about partners, there's an opportunity to consider whether we'd accelerate growth on the back of introducing a partner. There's a range of different partners that could be come into this part of the business, but because we're still a way away from that, when we are closer to that time, we'll be prepared to disclose more about who that might be and how we'd do that. Thanks guys. Your next question comes from Entcho Raykovski with E&P. Please go ahead. Hi, Jolie. Hi, Stef. Hi Entcho. Hi Entcho. My first question is on mobile and just looking at the mobile slowdown into the second half, you've given us the components of consumer, SME, enterprise, government for the full year, but are you able to break that down first half versus second half? I guess, just trying to work out whether that second half slowdown is only business mobile or are you seeing consumer slowing down a little bit as well? It is mainly in relation to business, although we did see that – as sort of mentioned prepaid in terms of the mix of revenues within there, in terms of people looking for greater value in a more challenged economy, that feels more cyclical. And then so that that component  (00:32:43) largely that has been driven off, people searching for greater data and the pricing.  (00:32:49-00:32:55) our price increases  (00:32:57-00:33:15). ...was up by  12.3% (00:33:19) for the full year. Do you know where that was in the first half or is that a number that you can disclose? It would have been higher in the first half, if you still had some remnants of roaming returning and there's some seasonality within that. As what we're seeing now is roaming is pretty much returned to normalized, if you look at it for the year-on-year and you think about it,  3% (00:33:40) hit. So that would be the main driver. Okay, great. Thank you. And then if we look below the  JP line (00:33:51), I know Stef, you spoke about this in your prepared remarks for the full year, but other operating expenses were – they were up quite significantly in the second half, up close to 20%. Is there any one-off element to those costs or is that the new baseline that we should be thinking about? There's some costs in there like severance costs. For example, there's some property electricity, we saw a small increase in there. And I mean, they're the main drivers. They're the main ones and there was a little bit around the full year impact of Connexa and a small increase in bad debts, but I wouldn't call out as being overly material. And if you think about the net reduction target we've put around OpEx of NZD 30 million, that is obviously addressing some of that  client base (00:34:41). Yeah. Okay, so it's got those – so just to be clear, it's not those costs coming out, an additional NZD 30 million that's included in those costs being taken out that, they are included in the NZD 30 million? What we're saying is for FY 2025, we've got a net cost reduction for OpEx of NZD 30 million. So in FY 2024 and on, from there on in, there would be a reduction of that. Yeah. Okay. Got it. Thank you. And my final question, so you noted IT services revenue, just that question around what's cyclical and what's structural. Yes. Are you able to talk to how extensive the simplification of the product portfolio is in Enterprise and Government? What sort of number of products are you taking out? It feels like you  really get (00:35:32) away with taking out some. And do you think most the spend will come back in a better economic environment? I mean, is that I suppose you've got some  (00:35:41) project spend and stuff like that. Yeah. I think when you break it into the different  (00:35:45) services, so you have projects, digital transformations, those have gone – they have not gone away, they've probably gone on hold. So as we've seen particularly in the public sector, but also private sector, as there been large changes in organizations, those things are just holding to  life style (00:36:03), given we have some sense – indication of that. Then you look at more across the product line of – in the Enterprise and Government against core products, whether it's through network and various components there. We have multiple products across subsidiaries in Spark. So really what you're talking about is a refinement of the portfolio. So the not that we don't really offer as many services as we did, but the number that we do within each of those areas that's come down, which obviously has a  flow on up here (00:36:34), both from a complexity reduction, but also in terms of  (00:36:39) cost to support that. And that's a period – that program will exist over a period of a multiyear. It's not just going to be in FY 2025, but what we have looked at is what do we think structurally needs to adjust in our cost base to offset the things we don't see returning  strictly (00:36:58). So we haven't taken approach that everything is structural out of this last 12 months because clearly it hasn't been, some will return and we're clear about those  parts (00:37:07), but we're adjusting the base to make sure that the things that are more structural are longer term. We're addressing them now rather than waiting for that to occur. Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar. Please go ahead. Jolie, were you more surprised by the sudden economic impact in the second half or was there more of a structural cost issues in IP that caught the company of a surprise? I think probably those two things are related because in the first half, we didn't see the same sort of impact that we saw in our  (00:37:50), which aligned to really when public sector changes started to hit more. We saw private entities also reducing. So if you think about that, the revenue decline accelerated. That meant we look to our cost base to adapt and we did put in place things in the second half, but most of the benefits of that will be realized in FY 2025. So the combination of those things in the economic environment accelerating further away in the second half is really what drives us the changes. Just out of interest, Jolie. Spark's various IT products and services and procurement, how intricately are they tied to your mobile and connectivity businesses, do you think? We offer a range of services to our enterprise customers. And so, when we think about that, as I said, we're not necessarily removing all of those offerings, removing the number of offerings we might have within a portfolio as we look ahead to sort of 2025, 2026. So they have a role to play, but equally those services can be go-to-market separately as individual towers and do so. So we think we offer a range of services that meet each of our customer's needs, but it's not to say that they can't be bought singularly as well. Okay. And just last question. Are there any issues within the company that's kind of hampering the performance of fixed wireless in the broadband business? No, no. Nothing that I'm aware of. We continue to roll out the mobile networks and we're sitting at over 200,000 customers using our broadband  (00:39:44). So it's 31% of our base is... 31% of our base. So, by far the market leader on that by a long shot. And so no we don't see any issues as we bring it. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Your next question comes from Aaron Ibbotson with Forsyth Barr. Please go ahead. Hi there. Good morning. Apologies calling in from mobile, so hopefully you can hear me okay. I've got a – thank you. I've got a few questions, primarily around capital management. What's the sort of logic, I guess, around paying a partly unintrusive dividend funded by the DRP? And if you're sort of continue next year not able to pay fully imputed, would you continue to pay partly imputed or do you think it's more likely that you would just sort of cut the dividend? Thank you. So when we consider what's our approach to capital management, we're always trying to get that balance right between shareholder returns, investing for the future and balance sheet strength and flexibility. We think that the approach we've got for this year actually is striking that right balance. So we understand the importance of the dividend holding that the NZD 0.27 per share and using is we think is an important step. We can then reduce the cash implication of that. So the cash payment from that through the use of the DRP. We think that's a sensible approach. And it also ensures that we've got then the flexibility to continue to invest in datacenter assets, et cetera. Okay. So, I think... I'd just add one other point Aaron. So the other thing that has obviously been essential within that is around the focus on growing free cash in FY 2025 – so FY 2024 was low. For FY 2025, it's much more around returning back to EBITDA growth and we've talked about that coming through mobile and cost reduction and also through a normalization of those non-cash or those other gains. And so really the driver here is about growing free cash flow over time. And that's very much what the SPK-26 strategy is designed to deliver. And. Okay. Thank, Stefan. So should we think about this as the dividend is covered by basically your adjusted free cash flow and the DRP? And then your hybrid capital note is going to cover your growth CapEx or just the growth CapEx. How does that get funded if significantly increase? The reality is, is that it's a combination of all of those things. We don't specifically attribute one to a particular area, but that is clearly a way to think about it. The DRP will offset the cash payment of the dividend to ensure that the free cash flow can cover. And then we have got the hybrid capital notes, which help support the growth CapEx component of our capital investment program, whereas maintenance CapEx is actually funded through the free cash flow. Yeah. Okay, perfect. And can I just then finally on this topic, clarify, I think it's slide 20 where you talk about bringing net debt back to target metric of 1.7. And it sits under a title which says FY 2025 approach. So that would be quite substantial issuance of hybrid capital notes in order to get that happening. You sort of, at another place in the presentation, you talk about potentially issuing them, but if you're going to bring it back to 1.7 million with your cash flow aspiration and the dividend guiding, you need sort of definitely issue quite a few of them. Is that correct? So look, we won't go into the specifics of the exact amount and it is still a potential issuance. But really the key point is that there's a number of factors which help drive an improvement in net debt. And so it's a combination of the growing free cash flow. It is working capital initiatives, it is pulling – it is a reduced capital investment program. And it is also the DRP. And so it's a combination of all of those things which help address the net debt position. Okay. Thank you. It's very comprehensive. Final question for me and it's just on EBITDAI and what you're including adjusted EBITDAI. It's a non-GAAP measure. It's sort of largely up to you to define it, particularly since it's adjusted. What do you think is the benefit of including all of these other gains in this metric? Do you think it sort of increases the transparency? Do you think the type of gains is something that the market should pay a multiple for, similar to what they pay for your other EBITDAI earnings from mobile and IT services, et cetera, sort of feels a bit excessive, if I'm honest to include all of it. I'm just trying to understand the logic from your guys perspective. I think if you stand back, we've had a long lease held position around the difference between reported and adjusted being around individual items greater than NZD 25 million; so anything that is over NZD 25 million. So in the past year that was TowerCo to Spark Sport provision is separately disclosed, even if it sits below that individually, that sort of a result we have done. There's been no change in that approach and that's how we think about our EBITDAI component between adjusted and reported. In any given year, there can be changes between what's in other gains, what's in other parts of the business. We have very clear disclosures on them. So people can see that and understand what they are. And as we've said, as we look ahead for 2025, our focus is on returning EBITDAI to growth, leveraging cost reductions very clearly, targeted central cost base and growth in mobile in terms of data centers and making sure that other gains are smaller competitors at. So how do you get to below 2025 then? I mean, like how do you cut it, because you get two icons above 2025 in your disclosures, as far as I can tell? No. No. Gain on lease modification and termination, NZD 36 million. Gain on sale and acquisition and property, plant and equipment, NZD 62 million. Yeah. I mean we actually break apart there is a number they've been aggregated for the purposes of reporting, but their actual individual separate transactions done at different times over different parts of the year and very different contractor bases. And so don't trigger that NZD 25 million threshold. So when you talk about a NZD 25 million threshold, if I think about gain on lease modification, which I assume are the Tower leases, do you count each tower individually now that you've got – like if each of tower individually is a few million, if you have  (00:47:10). No, no. So if we look at that – so part of that relates to tower relocations. We aggregated all those together and that's one component that sits well under the NZD 25 million mark. Then there was another one, which is a change in the terms which relates to some of our co-location capabilities. An entirely different basis once again sits under the NZD 25 million mark and done, you know, with entirely different rationale. Okay. Very clear. Thank you. Thank you.   Your next question comes from Phil Campbell with UBS. Please go ahead. Yeah. Morning, Jolie and Stefan. Just a couple of questions on data centers. Obviously looks like you've increased the pipeline from 93 megawatts to 140 megawatts. Could you just give us a bit of color on what's driving that. Is Spark taking on vacancy risk for that? Or do you have some orders from some large customers that kind of is underwriting a portion of that increase? So in terms of the potential pipeline, the increase is to do with further land purchase, additional purchase of land adjacent to Takanini, which just allows us to have those three strategic sites that we will develop based on demand growth, both in the North Shore and the center of the city and then Takanini. So we are seeing good discussions around demand. We're building at Takanini, POD3 in 2025. So 15 megawatts will be that stage development. And then after that we will look at the next sites that we develop based on a combination of the market growth and what we're seeing in customer commitments and demand. And just obviously, we've got a potential increase in the pipeline but also it looks like the IRR 10% to 15%. Obviously, previously you were guiding like more of an ROI of 9% to 10%. What is the – obviously CapEx per megawatt's obviously been going up. So what's kind of driving the kind of IRR 10% to 15%? Yes. So we took a opportunity to stand back from what we think the most appropriate measure. So hence why we've tried to be a bit more comprehensive and give some additional detail around the IRR. When we think about that, the way we've looked at it is what is obviously some of the cash flows over the period of the life of those assets, the moment that's around 25 years, which is a blended average, I guess, in the way we think about it is where we've got higher degree of certainty, then we're willing to accept a project with a lower IRR because it's obviously lower risk, but where it's more developmental and there's a high degree of risk than our thresholds are so higher. And that's why we've kind of put a range around that. But it's still, from my perspective, broadly consistent with that same return on investment kind of profile of around about that 10%. Okay. Awesome. I suppose the other question is, you're looking at the result today. The underlying telco business is obviously weaker and we've discussed the reasons for that, but you've got an expansion of the data center side of things. So how do you – what's the best way or how do you get people to value the data center part of the business? Because probably we can relatively easily value the existing telco business, but obviously the data center's probably more of a medium term growth play. So have you got any ideas on how people could value that? Well, we've started by breaking out a lot more disclosure of the revenues, both the capacity, the pipeline, how you think about those components in terms of modeling and sort of timeframe of investment over the next period five to seven years. So that gives you a sense of the build profile within that and how we're looking at that growth. There's obviously a number of other markets you can look at too to see how that value has grown over time and how these businesses are being valued. So the purpose of pulling it out separately is to provide greater clarity and disclosure around that. Great. And then just a last one, like if I was – say I was hypothetically a hyperscaler and I wanted to put some workload in New Zealand, why would I put workloads with Spark rather than just going to CDC? Well, we have been in the data center business for quite a long period of time. We have demonstrated a capability about building on time and at cost. We've got locations and the regions that sit high hypothetically hyperscalers might be looking at in terms of that, and we have a range of broader services that we offer to enterprise and government customers through that complement. But that's it. We also have significant renewable energy contracts as well that support our operations and help to sort of separate out growth in business from growth in emissions. Okay, great. Awesome. Thank you. Thanks. There are no further questions at this time. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            