
            Management Discussion: Good afternoon and welcome to the Surgical Innovations Group plc Investor Presentation. Throughout the recorded presentation, investors will be in listen-only mode. Questions are encouraged and can be submitted at any time via the Q&A tab situated in the right-hand corner of your screen.  The company may not be in a position to answer every question it receives during the meeting itself. However, the company can review all the questions submitted today and publish responses where it is appropriate to do so. Before we begin, I'd like to submit the following poll. I'd now like to hand you over to David Marsh, CEO. Good afternoon to you, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining this IMC event. First of all, I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce Chris Martin, who is our new CFO, joined at the beginning of June and has been a great help to me, particularly in my role as CEO. So, I'd like to welcome Chris as part of a wider audience. If we could move on, please, to the – so we'll start today reviewing our commercial and operational highlights, and then Chris will take us through the first half-year financial results, and then obviously we will sum up and take questions at the end. So, moving on to the next slide, so strong sales in our SI-branded products. This is particularly important because they help drive efficiencies in the facility. Additionally, the OEM performed well above plan as we addressed the supply chain issues and got a resolution on those and were able to clear the backorder. Implementation of our operational improvement plan to improve margins and efficiencies, that's well in place now, and we're beginning to see those filter through and they should filter through continuing through H2 and into 2025. New product development has seen successful rollouts of a number of new products with further opportunities to come as we open up new markets for these products and I'll touch on in greater detail on a later slide. One of the other things that we've continued to work on is reducing our inventory. You may recall that during COVID and the supply chain challenges of 2022 and 2023, we held a higher stock base than we should or that we would normally do. And throughout this year, particularly second half of the year, we're looking to improve that and get it down to reasonable levels so that will return working capital to the business. And then I've got a slide on the sustainability and how that continues to resonate as we grow our SI-branded products and gain traction in new markets. So looking at the market overviews, we'll start with the UK in Elemental Healthcare. We had a challenging start in the UK, there's no question about that. First of all, the doctor strikes impacted elective surgery and ten we found that the NHS supply chain moved to a lower inventory holding and moved to a more of a just in time position. And as a consequence of that, we had virtually zero sales from the supply chain in January and February. What's returned now is a much more balanced purchasing pattern where they will purchase similar amounts each month, which actually helps us in the long run in terms of manufacturing and manufacturing efficiencies and also in inventory as well. A number of other things that we've done in the first half of the year, we switched to our own brand gastric calibration tube. And we've seen that product has, whilst it's allowed us to secure the business, the average selling price of that, as competition has come in, has dropped significantly. And so we've seen a drop in overall sales, although our overall margin has increased. And then we took the strategic decision not to source a new alternative synthetic mesh. It's a low-cost, low-margin product, and it's allowed the sales team to focus more on the SI-branded products where we receive a higher margin. Sustainability remains a key driver in the UK and that continues and that's helping us drive new accounts. What it allows us to do is to focus on sustainability leads in clinicians in the NHS rather than procurement where your first conversation is around price. So, that's particularly important for us. And then also, within the UK, we've introduced a number of new third-party products and that will provide significant opportunity in the second half of the year. I've got a slide later on that actually breaks out those in a little more detail for you. Moving on to the USA, despite some growth in that market, it does remain frustrating for us. The instrument business outside of the 11 states in the Southeast covered by Adler Instruments has proved really difficult to find new partners and be able to find opportunities to grow the business. We've explored options looking at national companies, but it's very difficult to get focus from those companies. And so we're continuing to look at a number of opportunities to grow that business. We do have significant opportunity with LogiTube as we go into the end of Q4 and 2025. But we're just waiting on regulatory approval to be able to launch that. And as always, that's a little more complicated than we would like it to be, but we should have that by the end of Q4. The access devices, our YelloPort products, which, as you know, go through micro-line surgical. That, again, is a big frustration to us. We thought that we would have better traction by now. We've gone back in and working with Microline's developer, a new incentive scheme for their sales team, put in further training and also a program of co-traveling, which when we've done it in the past has given some impetus and we've managed to gain some accounts. And so, it's just making sure that we can keep the momentum going there. And I'm guessing that I'm focused on our product. And moving on to Europe, a strong performance here. And this shows that the benefits of focusing on training, sales support, and co-traveling and getting our distribution partners in Europe to use our sustainability tools. And we've done some really groundbreaking work with sustainability across the globe, but Europe is where it's really paid off in that first half of the year. In addition, we have a number of opportunities with some new products. LogiTube, we're rolling out across Europe and there are further opportunities in the second half of the year. And the YelloPort Elite XL cannula, which is a product developed for bariatric surgery, we have a number of opportunities in Europe, especially in Germany, where we're currently taking part in a six-center trial for Green Surgery. So, it's a real opportunity for us then. In APAC, modest growth, 2% in the first half of the year. That's in part because we had strong sales in the second half of 2023, which led to both Japan and India rebalancing their inventories. However, we're back to more normalized purchasing patterns, and we've seen already sort of some significant opportunities. In Japan, for example, they've bought Logic instrument demo kits for their sales team, and that was delivered in September. So, we expect to see some real progress in Q4 on Logic instruments, which will be good. India have conducted a number of significant accounts. And it's important to remember in India, an account in the UK, a good laparoscopic account will do 1,000, maybe 1,200 cases a year. In India, that will do 4,000 to 6,000 a year. So,  you run down (00:09:15) an account in India and it's really sort of dial changing from that perspective. Rest of the World, we had shown good, good growth. That's primarily Canada and Israel. Now, our Canadian partners, who we appointed midway through last year, have really taken the sustainability messaging to heart, and we're really seeing strong growth around sustainability and account conversion. So, we see real opportunity in the second half of the year. And in Israel, we have very strong LogiTube sales. So, gastric calibration, they seem to be a little bit bigger than the market would indicate there. So, we're not entirely sure why and what's happening, but they sort of they continue to order, which is great. Our OEM business had a really strong first half of the year. As I said earlier, this is in May down to the resolution of the supply chain issues that we had and then being able to clear the back order. We're seeing a much more normalized order book for second half of the year. But on top of that, we are seeing some opportunities with some of our other OEM partners. We create a valve which ultimately ends up on Olympus products. We've managed to redesign it, take some cost out of it and improve margins. And there are a couple of other areas on our OEM side where we've managed to improve margins and make it a lot more effective for us. So, moving on to compliance and the road to MDR, there's not a huge amount to report other than that we still remain on track and within the timetable. We are seeing delays in responses from the notified bodies because that's the extension on MDR to 2028. They are focusing on more immediate priorities, and so it's taking longer for us to get responses from them. But as I said, we are on track. We don't see any areas where we will come under pressure and that moves on nicely. A reminder that we have our UK CE Mark on all SI-branded products, which is great. It means Elemental could continue to sell products in the UK. And in the meantime, we go through our normal audits. We  (00:11:57) with only two minor non-conformity switches. We set about exactly where you want to be. So, sustainability. Over the past few years I've talked a lot about sustainability and how the messaging is resonating in different countries across the globe. And so I thought this time round I'd give you some examples of how that messaging is really resonating and how it's generating business. And the first one on here is India. And I know that's probably not everybody's first thought when it comes to sustainable healthcare, but the Indian government is really, really on the case of reducing plastic waste in all sectors of life, but in particular in healthcare. And we've conducted a project with the Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in Delhi, which is a large hospital. They do about 6,000 cases a year. And we've put together and demonstrated clearly that they can reduce their CO2 footprint by about 5.1 tonnes per year and the subsequent reduction in plastic waste. And we've been able to show them quite clearly using the data, the validated data that we have that it's cost saving and it's helped us convert this hospital to YelloPort Elite. The next one along is the Prix Galien nomination award for medical innovation. And this was – we put this one up on here because it shows that the clinical data that we've pulled together, and we've had validated by independent sources and had a clinical paper published in the Royal College of Surgeons journal. It shows how important that is and how that message is beginning to impact the decision-making of health care providers around the world. It's a real opportunity for us to differentiate ourselves from the competition. And then the final one on there is this is actually Oxford Hospital, and we've been working with them now for a number of years. And we've gradually increased across specialties, across the various hospitals in the trusts. We now have virtually all the business there. And we've been able to do that by clearly demonstrating reduction in CO2 and the reduction in plastic waste and what effect that that would have on their overall sustainability plan as we're using this kind of case study now, particularly in the UK but in other areas to generate business. So, new product development. As I mentioned earlier, we've had a number of successful product rollouts. The first one is the gastric calibration tube, LogiTube. We started that in the UK at the very end of 2023 and has successfully – we've successfully transferred the business that we have with Bariatric Solutions to an SI-branded product. And that has been really successful. We're now rolling that out in European countries. Into the Middle East, we just in September we conducted a training, product training with our new dealer there and also in Australia as well. And as I mentioned earlier, we're hoping to roll that out to the US at the tail end of this year. We've had a couple of product extensions, a 5 millimeter cutting shielded trocar which we've rolled out to particularly for gynecology, and that helped us in Oxford's, the case study I gave you earlier. One of the departments we were missing was gynecology. And we've now been able to complete that conversion, which has been really useful. We do have the YelloPort Elite XL cannula, which is used in bariatric surgery. So again, that adds to our portfolio of Elite products and gives us much greater opportunities to have complete conversions. And the work we're doing in Germany will help support that going forward. A couple of other projects we're looking at, we're looking at an illuminated version of LogiTube, and we're hoping that that will come out probably in the middle of next year. But that is for more complex bariatric cases where the anatomy is not as clear and the surgeon is looking for some key point indicators. So, the tube is attached to a light source and illuminates, and they are able to identify exactly where it sits in the stomach pouch. And then we continue to look at opportunities around new materials. So, a lot of the valve material that we use currently is silicone and is manufactured by third parties. We're looking at being able to manufacture it out of TPE, which brings significant cost advantages, but also allows us to injection mold in-house as well. So, that will give us greater efficiencies in-house. So, I talked about some of the third party opportunities that we have developed, particularly for the UK team. Two distribution contracts already signed with Cipher Surgical and Aspen Surgical. Cipher is a small UK company. They have a very nominal existing revenue in the UK, but they have struggled with sales and marketing bandwidth. And so putting the product with a bigger thing like Elemental, we're expecting some significant growth as their new product comes out. That will probably be Q1 next year where we see real impact. Aspen Surgical is a significant US company. They've got a revenue of about $400,000. And over the past three or four years, they've acquired a lot of different businesses, some well-established brands in the medical world and they've ended up with a large number of distribution partners in the UK and they want to consolidate that under one distribution partner. And they've chosen Elemental Healthcare to be that company. So, we see real opportunity there. Some of the brands they have, for those of you within the industry, they have the Bovie electrosurgery products, they have the Bookwalter retraction system and they're really significant brands that will give us good opportunities. And then we're in conversation with a number of other companies. We're in conversation with a Taiwanese company to bring out a 5-millimeter clip into the UK which will complement our existing clip business and also a polymer clip as well. We're looking at a surgical stapling device, which will allow us to complement our bariatric portfolio. We're looking at a insufflation system, which will allow us to actively target robotic cases, so we're quite excited by that. And we're also looking at a morcellation product for solid organ morcellation in a special retrieval  (00:19:43) laparoscopically, so from significant deals that will give the Elemental sales team a lot of guidance in Q4 and into the first half of next year. So, I will pass you over to Chris now, who will take us through the financials. Thank you, David. So, looking at our revenue, we were at £6.2 million for the first half of the year, which was up 9% on the prior period. I'll go through a little breakdown of that on the next slide. In terms of gross margin, we maintained our gross margin at 33%, which compares equally to the same period of the prior year. Our adjusted EBITDA was positive by £189,000, which compares to £95,000 for the prior period. We have got an adjusted operating loss of £128,000 for the first six months. The difference between our adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted operating loss is purely the depreciation and amortization of development costs. And that's led to adjusted loss on earnings per share of £0.02. The shares in circulation are the same, which is purely down to the loss itself. Overall, we have a loss after tax of £487,000. The drop from the adjusted operating profit – or loss, sorry, of £128,000 to the loss after tax is purely down to one-off costs which relate to our redundancy program, which will lead to further improvements in the second half of the year. In terms of a breakdown of our revenue, our SI-branded sales increased by 16% to £3.3 million. And in terms of where those increases happened, as David went through earlier, in terms of the areas of significance, UK was up 16%; Europe up 28%; US up 15%; APAC up to the rest of the world was up 23% on the prior period. Our distribution sales in Elemental declined by nearly 18%. This data that's been through, some of that relates to the LogiTube change over from buying that product into manufacturing ourselves and also issues with the NHS supply chain as we discussed earlier and our move away from synthetic mesh as a product line. We have very strong OEM, sales up 63%. And again, that was driven partly by backlog in orders from last year, which was now manufactured and shipped. The strong thing -the upside of the benefit of strong SI-branded sales and the OEM sales is that we've now – it's giving us a good efficiency through our throughput, through our factory, and that's improved our efficiencies and our recoveries. So, while we've got strong sales, we've also got an improved performance within our manufacturing facilities. In terms of margin analysis, commercial margins have been dropping due to cost pressures on materials. You can see from half year last year it was about 40%, which is up on the  row (00:23:36), call it, underlying gross margin percentage over 40%. On the first half of the year, we were at 38%. And now, it's dropped to 34%. So, you can see we're under pressure from a cost point of view. We haven't been through some price increases. They've already been implemented. We've got further increases to come as contracts come up for renewal, both in terms of later on in half two of this year and then into the early part of next year. Manufacturing productivity, despite some of the challenges that we had previously, have improved, and as I've just discussed with some rationalization in manufacturing, cost reduction, some automations and also a strong sales throughput, we've been able to actually maintain the overall contribution margin. Previously, we had some under recoveries in our factory performance. Now, that we're recovering better, getting better efficiencies, while we've got an underlying margin sort of decrease, the performance in our facility is helping and that brings us back to having a contribution margin of 33%, which is in line with where we were at the same period last year. This will also mean that we will see the benefits of this improvement running into half two and then into a full year benefit for next year. In terms of our operating expenses, the adjusted operating expenses are in line with last year, more or less identical at £2.16 million. On a like-for-like basis, we have had £300,000 worth of one-off redundancy costs also, but it does not show on a like-for-like basis. We maintain our investment in sales and marketing and training. And regulatory costs continue to be higher due to the switch to MDR. But we are coming through the majority of those costs now, and the cost shouldn't be quite as high as we move forward certainly into next year. Where we can, inflationary pressures have been mitigated. We just have two operating expenses expected as a result of the restructure. So, the restructure has happened both in terms of our admin costs and our back office costs. We haven't really seen the benefit of that come through yet. We will see that and have to and we will see the full year benefit of that next year. Then if we look at our cash position, investment and capital expenditure has been capped at a minimum level of only £37,000. We are managing our cash position tightly. One of the big tasks for us is to try and reduce our inventory by year end. It's currently, as you can see, up £3.3 million. We intend to get that back down to the prior year levels of £2.85 million. And doing this, we are looking at our reorder levels and minimizing those reorder levels. We are looking at our safety stock and trying to grow with more efficient levels of safety stock. Overall, our cash headroom, as you can see, cash is at £0.23 million currently. We have headroom in our facility of £1 million. So, overall, the total headroom is £1.2 million. The big task going forward, as I say, cash is being managed tightly. We need to reduce our stock, get it back to last year levels. We will have reduced MDR costs. We are now running on a lower cost base having made those cost reductions. Our sales are still growing. We are maintaining our margin that this will put us in a much better position going into half two and follow through into next year. And that will mean improved profitability enough, too, but also an improved cash position. David, am I passing back to you for summary of the... Yeah. So, just in summary on all of that, so we've continued strong sales growth in SI and our OEM sectors. We expect improvement in our distribution products as we go forward and as we add to the portfolio. We've had a successful rollout of new products in global markets and we can see the opportunities that we have in new markets in second half of the year and into next year, and they are really significant opportunities as well. We've continued our regulatory progress on MDR. It's a lot slower than we would like, but that's because of notified bodies, not because of anything that we're doing. As Chris just alluded to there, we've responded effectively to the operational challenges and we should see the benefits of those beginning to filter down through the business over the coming months and again into next year. We've continued throughout the year in terms of investing in improvements in efficiencies and cost  (00:29:19) initiatives from an R&D perspective. And we're looking at getting those to really sort of take cost out of some of our products in the second half of this year and into next year. And as I alluded to, we've signed some significant distribution contracts for the UK. Some of them have existing revenue. And the opportunities for the sales team are quite extensive. And we look forward to being able to report on those in March next year as they begin to gain traction. So, very happy to take questions now. 
            Questions and Answers: Perfect. David, Chris, thank you very much for the presentation. What I'd do at this point is I'll just bring your cameras back up. Ladies and gentlemen, please do continue to submit your questions.  And just while the company take a few  moments to view (00:30:16) the questions that have been submitted today, I'd like to remind you a recording of this presentation along with a copy of the slides and the published Q&A can be accessed via your investor dashboard. As you can see, we have received questions throughout today's presentation. And,  Paul (00:30:27), if I could just hand over to you to chair the Q&A, that would be great, and I'll pick up from you at the end. Thank you. Gents, I've got some questions that I'll come to in a moment. Perhaps for you, Chris, regarding cost cutting measures and cash position, et cetera, some of which you touched on, and also about whether the new Labour government has any implication. But there were some pre-submitted questions. So, I'll just start with one of those. First question was, when will we see you paying dividends? Interesting question. I think at the moment our cash is better invested back into the business. Clearly, we've undertaken a lot of restructuring and we're looking to see those restructuring filtered through to the bottom line over the coming months. So, I would say that for the time being, we'll continue to invest in the business rather than in dividends. Thank you. The other question was, as you stated last time, the share price will recover when we see consistent results. These results seem a little underwhelming and the share prices reacted accordingly. Is there any light at the end of the tunnel for shareholders? I would hope so, and I would hope sort of the operational plan that we've highlighted that's been implemented in the first half of this year will demonstrate that those cost savings, that the improved profitability of the business will continue to grow, and we'll see that throughout the rest of this year and into next year. Sort of I think it is one of those situations where when we talk about consistent results, it's not over a six-month period, it's going to be, I think everybody's looking for 6, 12, 18 months of consistent results and profitability. And I think going forward, we will be able to demonstrate that. And you're not profitable yet, but with inflation down, with long waiting lists in place and with the Labour government in power, is that likely to change things? Does that have an impact with the Labour government or new policies within the NHS see a rise of orders for  (00:32:44)? Well, we're not really seeing the huge impact of Labour. I mean, to be fair to them,  (00:32:50) just I think it's 102 days, isn't it, in power. So, the health care policy is beginning to filter through. But the impact of that is not really being seen at the moment. I think the question here is around the long waiting list. And there is no question that they're continuing to get bigger and not smaller, which shows that they are not addressing the waiting list. But where we believe we are strong is now adapting a lot of our efforts within the private sector. And we've been really successful building relationships and winning contracts with the private sector where waiting list initiatives are going to be directed, so the routine surgeries, the  (00:33:43), the hernias, those routine ones which you could say are our bread and butter are being done more and more in the private sector. And we've recently – sort of at the year-end results. I talked about some of the contracts with – one with Spire on a number of products' supply agreements. So, like  agent (00:34:05) clip on access devices. And we're implementing that as we speak. So, the team are going in and converting those hospitals now to switch to SI-branded products. So, I think that the waiting list initiatives that have been in place, and I hope they will keep in place are sort of – are going to help drive the business forward. But we don't – so, to be honest, the last thing the NHS needs is another government coming in and doing another top-down review of the NHS and changing things because that will take time to get up and running and sorted. In terms of the inflation bit, I would say, in the sort of inflation headline, inflation is down. But supply chain cost inflation is not necessarily coming down as quickly. And we are still seeing sort of some of the supply chain increases. They're not as bad as they were maybe a year ago or two years ago. But there are still some significant supply chain costs being imposed on us, if you like. There's a question here which I realize you can't answer, but it's a question about your cash position, where you are when investors are saying, does that mean that there's a placing likely. And I realize you won't comment on that, but perhaps you could just reiterate your cash position now, the points you made earlier in the presentation regarding cash headroom and the cash position you're looking towards in the second half. Yeah. Look, I think we've consumed £1 million of cash since the beginning of last year. Half of that is in the losses, and half of that is in increased inventory. We've looked at that inventory, we're reassessing that inventory, and the plan is to get that inventory back to the level that it was at the end of the year. So, that should bring in reduced working capital and give us another chunk of cash back, £300,000 to £400,000, let's say. Within that, then we have got the facility there of £1 million to call on, but we intend, through the better P&L performance on top of the stock reduction, that that will start to generate cash and get us back into a cash positive situation. So, you look at the numbers and we're sort of at the bottom of the cycle of consuming cash. Now, we should be certainly not consuming any more cash and starting to build a little bit of cash, but that's going to run into next year, and we'll see the full benefit of that into next year. Sticking with you, Chris, there's a question regarding the cost-cutting measures. I appreciate you mentioned this in your margin analysis slide, but what measures have been introduced to improve your margins? But also the question is, are there others, and where would they come into play when we see the benefits? Yeah. Look, the measures we've taken so far are sort of mainly the cost of staffing, both in terms of our manufacturing facility and in terms of admin and our regulatory departments, so back office department. So, we've probably reduced costs there by up to 15%. And we've taken those actions. There's kind of no further action – no further short-term actions on that whether we need to see the cost savings come through from that line. There are other actions that we can take. I think that's more to do with the cost of the product itself. In terms of switching material types, substituting materials, we have some ideas of some of the things we want to do already. They need a little bit of investment to do it. But cash is relatively tight, so we need to earn a bit of cash back and then we can make those investments and then we can see further improvements. Just a few other questions outside of the financial side. Do you see any issues in moving from silicon to  TPE from a regulatory or performance standpoint? There's no regulatory issues at all. TPE is widely accepted medical products used in a lot of medical devices. The key obviously here is performance and functionality. The tests that we've run so far show that there is no change in performance. So, it will be around the valve technology. And it's – the challenges historically have been at TPE is a stiffer material, and so it wouldn't close to keep the  CO2 (00:39:02) in the abdominal cavity. Now, the way that we can injection mold it, changes that and slight changes to the design. So, from a functionality point of view, we don't see any challenges at all. Otherwise, we wouldn't be pursuing it. A question regarding Israel. In terms of its actual take up there, is that because they find a secondary use for the product or are they selling it outside the country  as a fraction of what it does (00:39:31)? Okay. I'm not sure about what secondary is. So, no, I mean, it's being used and they have a reasonable bariatric market. But I think and so they're still buying all of our other products at the same volume that they have historically. So, whilst we anticipated for obvious reasons that we might see a decline in the business in Israel over the last 12 months, the business has been very stable and then it's grown sort of quite a bit from the calibration tube business, the LogiTube business that I talked. We're obviously not sending anybody out there to have business meetings. We're meeting with them in  medical (00:40:20) in November. And we'll ask the question what they're doing with the calibration tube. But we're happy to supply. How are you going about seeking regional partners and distributors in the US? So, a number of clients sort of does the networking. So, within the company, we have significant years' experience in the business. I've been in the business, we had to fill in a tender the other day, which I have to put my CV down and it work on a calculator. I've been in the industry for 33 years, which seemed like an awful long time. So, we have a lot of experience in the business to network. We're also looking at partnerships with the British Department of Trade. We're looking at exhibitions. We're talking to national and smaller regional companies. So, we're looking at all sorts. Our big problem as a business in all areas is around scale, and that includes sales and marketing. And we put a lot of investment and time into Europe and into India and into Japan, and that's paid off. So, some of the time going forward will be – some of that time will be put into the US to try and drive new opportunities there. But it's a difficult market because it's – the national companies really don't want your product. They just want to build a portfolio. The smaller companies are going for low cost and they can get that from China now. That's come into the US. And so it's very difficult to find significantly a good opportunity,  (00:42:09) good team that you come up with. But we continue to look. So, you're finding a team to work with. How's the search for new non-exec going as well? Question for you. So, that's really a question for  Jon (00:42:24). But we haven't survived the last three or four months, we've been working our way through implementing the Operation Improvement Plan. So, we haven't looked for new non-exec. A new non-exec, when what we do is going to have to be – automatically would have to be of a financial background because it would be for the audit committee. But it's not something that we've actually made any progress on. Thank you. Well, that wraps up our Q&A. So if I could hand back to you, David, to provide a final summary. Yeah. So, again, thank you very much for listening to what we've had to say and some very interesting questions. In summary, I would like to say that the business is on the right tracks. We've made the right decisions back at base. We've taken a lot of cost out of the business and we've looked at efficiencies and the functions of the business. And I think coming through the second half of the year and particularly into next year, you will see that begin to filter through and the company will return to profit and be well placed in 2025. So, thank you for your patience with us, and we are putting things right. That's great. David, Chris, thanks very much for updating investors today. Could I please ask investors not to close this session as you'll now be automatically redirected to provide your feedback in order that the management team can better understand your views and expectations. This will only take a few moments to complete, which I'm sure would be greatly valued by the company. On behalf of the management team of Surgical Innovations Group Plc., we'd like to thank you for attending today's presentation, and good afternoon to you all. 
            