
            Management Discussion: Good morning. This is Paul Hutton from TPG Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us for our 2024 Full Year Results Presentation. At TPG Telecom, we acknowledge the traditional custodians of country throughout Australia and the lands on which we and our communities live, work and connect. We pay our respects to their elders, past and present. This morning, our CEO and Managing Director, Iñaki Berroeta, will present the results, highlights and a strategy update. Our CFO, John Boniciolli, will then discuss our financial performance in more detail, before Iñaki closes with a discussion of our outlook and we turn to Q&A. Thanks, Paul. And good morning to everybody listening. In fiscal year 2024, we delivered a strong financial result and addressed key strategic priorities as we build a simpler, stronger, and more competitive business. The highlights of the results were: market-leading service revenue growth in mobile; increased EBITDA margins, reflecting improved product mix and cost discipline; a strong cash flow recovery; and higher return on capital. There were also three key strategic highlights. Firstly, our regional network sharing implementation. We are now a month into operating our agreement with Optus after we signed this deal last April. This is a fundamental change for our business, more than doubling our mobile network coverage and materially increasing our addressable market. In the first four weeks, we have experienced strong growth in net adds and port-ins across mobile and significant increase in data traffic among our customers. This step change in our mobile proposition sets up to compete much more effectively and grow our market share over coming years. Secondly, our business transformation is delivering material simplification. We now have 2,500 fewer plans in the market, increased digital sales capabilities, and substantially modernized IT systems. There is more work to do, but solid progress means customers are benefiting from simpler products and plans, and we are creating cost efficiencies to TPG. Thirdly, we completed the strategic review of our fiber assets and in October announced the transaction with Vocus. The value of this deal goes well beyond the proceeds we will receive, the strengthening of our financial position, and the significant streamlining of our business. It removes future CapEx needs and locks in costs for our fiber network access without volume-based increases as we add customers or as those customers use more data. Now, turning to our financial metrics. We said in 2022 that growing mobile service revenue was our objective, and that is what we have done by rationalizing plans, rephrasing pricing and steadily adding subscribers. Mobile service revenue is up more than 15% over the past two years, including 5.4% growth in fiscal year 2024. This was the main driver of our 1.5% increase in group service revenue to just over AUD 4.7 billion. We also said in 2022 that our objectives for our fixed business was to improve profitability. We have delivered on that, notwithstanding the slight decline in fixed revenue. Our group gross margin was up 3.5% in fiscal year 2024 to just over AUD 3.2 billion, a rate of growth 2 percentage points better than service revenue. That was supported by the strength in our fixed wireless business and direct discipline across all mobile and fixed products. At the half year result, we announced actions to address operating cost, with OpEx increasing just 1% in the second half, reflecting the continuous cost discipline of our organization. This enabled us to increase EBITDA by 3.4% to AUD 1.988 billion, at the midpoint of our guidance range. That excludes material one-offs such as the impairment associated with the new regional network sharing implementation. On the same basis, excluding one-offs, our NPAT was up 4.8% to AUD 87 million, reflecting EBITDA growth, flattening depreciation and amortization expense and much slower growth in financing cost. Capital expenditure was reduced by AUD 112 million to just over AUD 1 billion, reflecting the gradual normalization of our CapEx levels, while working capital movement was AUD 331 million better. Combined, this enabled us to deliver AUD 474 million improvement in operating free cash flow. We have declared a final dividend of AUD 0.09 per share, taking full year dividends declared to AUD 0.18 per share, the same as fiscal year 2023. This dividend is unfranked. As we communicated previously, our remaining historical franking credits were utilized against the interim dividend. Pleasingly, return on investment capital improved 40 basis points, reflecting our profit growth and a slowing rate of investment. The improvements in cost and capital efficiency make this the strongest financial results we have delivered since the merger of VHA and TPG five years ago. We still have a lot of work to do, but we have entered 2025 with great confidence for the future as we focus on accelerating market share growth from a leaner cost and capital base. Having delivered on key milestones in fiscal year 2024, we are now entering a new phase. We have made significant changes to our business to become nimbler, simpler and more efficient. We have refreshed our strategy based on four principles: running networks smarter; invigorating brands and services; making it easy for customers; and becoming faster, simpler and stronger. These principles inform how we set objectives and monitor our progress. Running networks smarter means using our capital in the most strategic, disciplined and efficient way, investing where we can create value through a scale and partnering where we cannot, while enhancing our customers' network experience. Both the regional sharing agreement with Optus and the way we will access fiber under the Vocus deal are consistent with this principle, enabling us to grow in the most cost-efficient way, with certainty that higher revenue will lead to higher margins. Invigorating brands and services is about differentiating our offerings to be more competitive and build share by bringing to market our best-ever products and services. Complex legacy systems have held back our product innovation, and at times, it has been more difficult than it should for customers to engage with us. Making it easier for customers is all about bringing the benefits of a simpler business to our customers; a smaller portfolio or great value plans and products, increased digital capability, and the benefits of a single lean IT architecture where legacy no longer slows us down. Becoming faster, simpler, and stronger is about simplifying our structure and reducing the capital and cost required to run the business. The proposed sale of the fiber and EGW Fixed assets makes us leaner and simpler, while enabling us to optimize our capital structure. This enable us to deliver a better cost profile with significant efficiencies to come. In fiscal year 2025, we are focused on accelerating the benefits of our strategy for both customers and shareholders. And the KPIs and metrics on this slide show how we will measure it. In networks, the regional sharing agreement is just the beginning of what we can achieve through greater infrastructure sharing. We continue to work with Optus to drive greater efficiencies from what we call the eJV, a preexisting arrangement that covers sharing of towers and rooftop sites in metro areas. We are also looking forward to the separation of our fiber network and EGW Fixed business with Vocus and embedding the benefits of the deal. Meanwhile, we expect our focus on fixed wireless services will continue to increase the margin we generate from our own network. We will have completed more than 80% of our 5G rollout by the end of this year and will finish fiscal year 2025 with far higher 5G penetration across our biggest-ever mobile network. We have an enormous opportunity to grow our mobile base in key locations off the back of our expanded network, as well as to refine and enhance our brand propositions. Over time, we expect more customers to consider switching to our brands more often, and to sell both mobile and fixed services to more households. The strength of our brands and employee engagement are a virtuous circle, and we are encouraged by our people's positivity about our improved network proposition. The sale of EGW Fixed also means revitalizing our EGW Mobile business, both in our Vodafone mobile offering and through MVNO capability. More digitalization, service plan simplification and rationalization of IT applications will continue, as will our focus on cost and capital efficiency. We expect operating cost growth to be flat in real terms in fiscal year 2025, while CapEx will be lower at AUD 900 million, and OpEx will start to fall as a percentage of service revenues. The point of these KPIs and metrics is to highlight the confidence we have in our capacity to deliver value after a period of significant investment and transformation. We are bringing a vastly improved network to customers, driving subscriber and revenue growth, accelerating the benefits of IT modernization and business simplification, and we will continue to refine and enhance our brand propositions. The strategic actions we have taken over the past two years have transformed our business and made us fit to fight and win. We plan to go into more detail and also talk longer term at an Investor Day we intend to hold later in the year once we have more certainty on the completion timing of the Vocus deal. Let me now give you an update on our regional network expansion. We have more than doubled our network coverage, creating a step change in our addressable market. We believe the scale of network growth and transformation, including the acceleration in 5G coverage in recent years, is unprecedented in any other market. As the map illustrates, our increased coverage across Australia positions our brands strongly to grow share in under-penetrated regions. Today, we have roughly 30% mobile market share in Sydney, about 20% in the next six cities, 5% to 15% in smaller towns, and less than 5% in rural areas. Clearly, if we can increase our share nationally towards Sydney levels, the size of the prize for TPG is very large, and today, there is no reason why this could not happen. Customers are excited about having better access to the great value service our brands can offer. In the month since the regional network sharing launched, we have had our highest postpaid connections in six years, our highest postpaid net adds in more than two years, and a 50% year-on-year increase in port-ins from our competitors. TPG and felix mobile are recording very strong sales figures, too, while across regional areas, we have seen a 35% increase in data traffic. Many of you will have seen our new marketing campaign on television or on trams and bus shelters. This increase in marketing spend is delivering great results for us so far. Now, turning to the proposed sale of our fiber and EGW Fixed business. The deal is subject to regulatory approval, and the ACCC has indicated it will provide the findings of its review on the 27th of March. Meanwhile, separation planning is progressing well, and we are on track to close the transaction with Vocus in the second half of 2025. To recap, the rationale of the sale has four key components. Firstly, consistent with our commitment to run our networks smarter, this is about exiting assets and operations where we are subscale and replacing them with a partnership that gives us access to a larger network without the requirement for TPG to allocate capital. The fiber we are selling is primarily a metro fiber access network, substantially overbuilt by the much bigger NBN and Telstra. While the assets are high margin, they are low growth, and the opportunities in fiber are in long-distance transmission, an area where we have never played at scale and where the size of investment required to compete is beyond our scope. Secondly, the sale of this business will enable us to accelerate and increase the streamlining of the TPG operating structure and cost base. Being leaner and nimbler than the others must be a key competitive differentiator for TPG. Thirdly, the net proceeds, which will be about AUD 4.7 billion in cash, create enormous optionality as we look to put in place the optimal capital structure to reward existing shareholders and to attract new ones. But finally, and perhaps more importantly, the deal strengthens our network economics. Let me explain. The transaction removes a combined AUD 360 million a year in operating costs and CapEx from TPG's business and replaces it with a AUD 130 million a year commitment to Vocus under what we call the TAWFA, the transmission and wholesale fiber access agreement. Under the TAWFA, TPG is provided the fiber services required to run our network on an ongoing basis, maintaining ownership economics; that is, without any increased cost as we grow customer numbers or traffic. That creates operating leverage for TPG as we add customers or move them onto higher value, higher data plans. Importantly, the TAWFA also includes all our inter-capital traffic needs. That means we avoid material costs we would otherwise incur to renew existing inter-capital arrangements. And if we require new or additional services from Vocus, we can also acquire those. We believe this transaction should create substantial value for TPG shareholders, and we are excited to move forward, subject to the approvals. My next slide covers our business simplification program, which has the three objectives; simplifying plans and products, increasing digitalization of customer experience, and modernizing IT platforms. We are around halfway through and making great progress. Having started out with more than 3,700 plans across mobile and fixed, we now have roughly 1,000 left, and we are on track to remove 750 more this year. Our longer-term target remains to have about 100 plans in market. This makes our business more efficient to operate, but also makes us much more responsive to customers when we need to make product changes. In the past, our legacy systems prevented us from increasing the use of digital channels. Now we are simplifying and upgrading our capability, and we are getting ready to launch new digital tools and experience this year. We will soon release the new Vodafone mobile app with revamped digital journeys. Right now, digital mix in postpaid is tracking at more than twice the levels of the same period in fiscal year 2024, and across the business, digital sales are tracking higher. IT platform rationalization is also progressing as planned. We have reduced total applications by 15%, with many of the larger, more complex applications the first to be consolidated. We anticipate removing close to 100 additional applications this year, including those that will be decommissioned or transferred as part of the Vocus transaction. Our longer-term target remains fewer than 250 applications to support our business. The efficiencies we deliver in CapEx and OpEx from these initiatives are reflected in our targets to reduce CapEx to a range of AUD 550 million to AUD 650 million, and reduce operating costs by an incremental AUD 100 million in real terms post the completion of the Vocus transaction. We are also confident that making life easier for customers will help us reduce churn and increase market share. The combination of these strategic initiatives positions TPG to win and grow in the coming years and to create value for shareholders over the long term. We will provide a lot more detail at this Investor Day planned for later in the year, the timing of which is subject to progress with the Vocus transaction. At that time, we will also provide full pro forma information for the new TPG for fiscal year 2023 and 2024, off which to base our aspirations. For now, I can say my team is focused on the commercial and operational priorities to drive revenue growth, lower cost and create capital efficiency. We are committed to growing our mobile market share, a low OpEx to service revenue ratio and growing EBITDA margin. This will enable annual growth in EPS, operating free cash flow and ROIC as well as attractive dividends. The board is looking at all aspects to optimize value for shareholders and deliver a sustainable profile for TPG. Before I hand to John, I want to emphasize how proud we are of our people and the way they have represented our company and our customers during a period of unprecedented change. TPG is truly a value-led organization, and this gives me and my colleagues on the executive leadership team great confidence in our ability to deliver in the years to come. Thank you, Iñaki, and hello to everyone listening. Today, I'll be talking you through some of the drivers of our strong FY 2024 operating results and providing some context for our financial outlook for FY 2025 and beyond. As covered off by Iñaki, 2024 was a year of milestones in the delivery of our strategy to simplify and streamline our business. Our results today and our outlook reflect this work, which has laid the foundations for the future of our company. Now, turning to slide 15, covering mobile performance. Mobile service revenue growth of 5.4% across the group was another great result. We have delivered 15.3% growth in mobile service revenue since FY 2022, well ahead of both our main competitors and reflecting our focus on ARPU growth. Postpaid ARPU is up 13.9% over two years, including a 4.9% increase in FY 2024 to AUD 48.46. Prepaid ARPU in FY 2024 was up 6.1% to AUD 20.07. This is a direct result of our rationalization of back-book plans and introduction of new pricing for most of our in-market plans over the past two years. Data consumption is up 30% year-on-year. Changes to our plans are a modest way for us to monetize this increased consumption following our ongoing investment in 5G and other network and security capabilities. The growth in mobile service revenue has come with a continued focus on costs, which contributed to a strong 7.1% increase in gross margin in FY 2024. Strong ARPU growth has offset lower momentum in subscriber numbers. Subscribers were up a modest 99,000 in FY 2024 with the benefit of the Lyca MVNO contract and strong increase in prepaid, offsetting the reduction in postpaid. The decline in postpaid subscriber numbers includes the impact of a 25% decrease in both international migration and student intake. Against this headwind, we have seen competitors respond through aggressive handset discounting, and we've been very selective about participating in that so not as to destroy value. The shutdown of our 3G network has also impacted mobile subscriber numbers in the first half. Importantly, our improved regional coverage means we can focus on winning a greater share of domestic customers. Since the MOCN launched, that's exactly what we are seeing, with both net adds and port-ins up materially, as Iñaki has explained. The very strong initial customer response to our improved regional coverage gives us confidence that in 2025, we can expect much better subscriber growth. Turning now to slide 16, fixed broadband. Strong fixed wireless customer and ARPU growth remains the highlight of our fixed broadband performance. This drives higher AMPU and resilient gross margin despite ongoing challenges in the NBN market. We maintained our position as Australia's largest fixed wireless provider during the year, with growth in subscriber numbers of 41,000 or 18%. Fixed wireless now makes up 13% of all fixed broadband subscribers, and we expect this to keep growing towards 20% over time. Many of the 41,000 new fixed wireless customers transitioned from TPG Telecom NBN services, a positive outcome for TPG Telecom given the higher AMPU. However, owing to intense competition in NBN, which is increasingly being sold by non-telco players and smaller entrants at very low margins, our total fixed broadband subscribers reduced by 84,000 users during the year. We remain Australia's second largest distributor of NBN services, and we expect to maintain this. Pleasingly, as the NBN market moves towards higher speeds and fiber-to-the-premises services, the quality of the TPG Telecom offering is being recognized. We were the leading provider of new NBN Fibre Connect services every month but one in FY 2024. I'm pleased to report our retail subscribers on Vision Network grew slightly in the second half. We are pleased with the 4.7% increase in AMPU for all fixed technologies, driven by subscriber and ARPU growth by on-net customers using fixed wireless and ARPU growth on Vision Network services. AMPU for NBN customers was unchanged from the prior year. Gross margin declined less than 1%, a resilient outcome relative to the 2.6% reduction in service revenue. I'll now turn to slide 17 to discuss operating expense. Excluding material one-offs, total operating expense for FY 2024 was AUD 1.225 billion, an increase of 3.6%. Importantly, efficiency initiatives limited second half growth to only 1%, and we expect flat growth in real terms in FY 2025. As we discussed at the half year results, the outsourcing of the Manila contact center resulted in the transfer of AUD 40 million of employee costs to other OpEx in the year. Excluding this change, employee costs were up AUD 39 million, almost all of which occurred in the first half. This reflects the capability uplift undertaken in FY 2023, offset by streamlining of roles across the organization in August 2024. which resulted in lower employee costs in half two than the first half. We said the run rate would moderate in the second half, which it did, to growth of 4%, and we expect a much flatter employee cost growth in FY 2025. Pleasingly, technology expense reduced AUD 5 million. This reflected good cost control, including decommissioning of third-party network infrastructure and some nonrecurring third-party spend savings, partly offset by increased electricity costs. Excluding the reclassification for Manila, other OpEx increased AUD 9 million, largely reflecting the front-ended nature of costs for the new Manila arrangement, which will deliver efficiencies over time. To reiterate, at worst, we expect OpEx to be flat in real terms for the FY 2025 full year; that is, no greater than the rate of inflation. However, we do anticipate some cost growth in the first half due to marketing investment to support our regional mobile network launch and higher electricity costs. Turning to slide 18 now on EBITDA. Our EBITDA result reflects robust gross margin performance and slowing OpEx growth. The statutory result was AUD 1.712 billion, reflecting the previously announced AUD 250 million noncash impairment related to the decommissioning of assets as a result of the regional network sharing arrangement with Optus. Excluding the impairment and other material one-offs, EBITDA was up 3.4% to AUD 1.988 billion, at the midpoint of our guidance range. The Consumer segment delivered a very strong gross margin performance, with growth in both mobile and fixed of more than 7%, or a combined AUD 162 million, driven by ARPU in mobile and on-net AMPU in fixed, as I have discussed. In January 2024, we reduced Vision wholesale pricing to provide stronger differentiation from the NBN. This negatively impacted fixed wholesale margin in EGW and benefited fixed margin in Consumer. Consumer fixed gross margin was broadly flat excluding this impact. Excluding this Vision change, EGW gross margin was down AUD 9 million due to challenging market conditions and cessation of legacy technology services. This masked a strong result in both Enterprise and Wholesale mobile and in mobile-related services such as IoT and MPN, all of which remain with TPG post the proposed Vocus transaction. Hardware margin improved materially in FY 2024 by AUD 15 million, reflecting higher fixed device margins and improved credit performance on handset debtors. Other gross margin was down AUD 22 million, reflecting the cessation of revenue we received in FY 2023 to sublease spectrum as part of the proposed MOCN with Telstra, which did not go ahead. The final bar on the chart is operating costs, which we have already covered in detail. I reiterate this grew much more slowly in the second half. Before we move on, I will comment on half-on-half trends for EBITDA as a whole. In the first half of 2024, on a guidance basis, we reported a 2.2% increase or AUD 21 million increase on the prior comparative period. In the second half, this improvement more than doubled to AUD 44 million, a 4.6% increase on the prior comparative period. We are exiting the second half in a good place with operating momentum, continued revenue growth, particularly in mobile, and strong cost control. However, we expect there will be a half-on-half skew in FY 2025, with potentially a slight decline in the first half before stronger growth in the second half. This reflects the recognition of costs of the regional sharing arrangement with Optus ahead of any new revenue, as well as the expected higher first half OpEx, as I noted earlier. Turning now to Slide 19. Trends in capital expenditure and depreciation and amortization have stabilized significantly now that we have passed the peak of our network and IT investments. We are looking forward to year-on-year reductions in CapEx. Cash CapEx, excluding spectrum, decreased AUD 112 million or 9.9% to AUD 1.014 billion in FY 2024, and is expected to reduce to AUD 900 million in FY 2025 and between AUD 550 million to AUD 650 million per annum from FY 2027 onwards post completion of the Vocus transaction. Reflecting this moderation in spend, we expect growth in D&A expense to increase only about 1% in FY 2025, as it did in FY 2024. We expect cash CapEx in FY 2025 will be skewed to the first half, largely due to the way we manage payment timings. Turning to cash flow on slide 20 now. Cash flow is the real highlight of this result and of our outlook over coming years. The waterfall in this slide shows our operating free cash flow growth, excluding material one-offs, up AUD 474 million to AUD 672 million in FY 2024. This was driven by the following factors, in order of size. The impact of the unwind of legacy handset receivable financing arrangements peaked in FY 2023. So, the impact to working capital in FY 2024 was AUD 229 million lower. Cash CapEx was AUD 112 million lower, as I have discussed. Other working capital movements were AUD 101 million better, primarily reflecting lower new debtors arising from sales of handset on monthly payment plans. EBITDA was up AUD 65 million and lease costs were up AUD 33 million, primarily reflecting increase in leases taken on in FY 2023. Many of these items will continue to further cash flow growth in FY 2025 and beyond. The handset unwind impact in working capital will be less a further AUD 125 million in FY 2025, then cease. The working capital impact of growth in handset debtors is likely to be negative in FY 2025 as we do not expect to see such a reduction in our share of this market. However, we are actively exploring a new handset receivables financing arrangement, which would be very positive to cash flow. CapEx will be a further AUD 114 million lower in FY 2025, then a further AUD 250 million to AUD 350 million lower from FY 2027, reflecting completion of the 5G rollout, completion of our IT modernization, and removal of CapEx currently spent on fiber post the Vocus transaction. Offsetting this, of course, will be the EBITDA reduction arising from the Vocus transaction, albeit this will be partially mitigated by our expectation that other operating costs will reduce by an incremental AUD 100 million post the transaction. Lease costs are expected to be relatively flat, bar the estimated AUD 52 million increase we have forecast post the Vocus transaction. Looking beyond operating free cash flow, spectrum payments will be AUD 128 million lower in FY 2025, while the outlook for bank borrowing cost is improving. All in all, the outlook for TPG Telecom's cash flow is very positive. Moving to slide 21 on debt funding. Our funding situation is quite stable due to our strong cash flow as we wait to determine the optimal capital management settings post completion of the Vocus transaction. In FY 2024, bank financing costs of AUD 251 million were up on the prior year as expected, reflecting higher market interest rates and slightly higher drawn borrowings. Gladly, we are expecting lower bank financing costs in FY 2025 following the RBA's recent cut to the cash rate. Lease interest costs of AUD 127 million were also higher than in FY 2023, but these have now stabilized. Looking quickly at our debt stack, we are well-positioned with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.32 times on a pre-AASB 16 basis, comfortably below our 3.75 times lending covenant. We have AUD 2.3 billion of debt maturing in 2026. We are in a good position to make decisions about this refinancing as we progress through 2025. The proposed sale of the fiber and EGW Fixed assets creates significant capital management optionality, and the treatment of this debt will be part of our decision-making. With that, I'll hand back to Iñaki. Thanks, John. I want to reflect quickly on where TPG has come from and where we are today. We are in a radically improved position to five years ago when we completed the VHA-TPG merger. We have an integrated business, rationalized products, a simplified segmental focus, and increasingly distinctive brands. This makes it easier for customers to choose our products and interact with us. That lowers our cost to serve, reduces churn, and improves our capacity to cross-sell. We have access to greater network scale and have replaced future CapEx need in areas where we are subscale with a predictable cost profile, enabling operating leverage, higher margins, and increased capital efficiency as we grow. We have a scale and coverage in mobile like never before with a modern 5G network and regional coverage that has created a much larger addressable market. And we are expecting cash proceeds of AUD 4.7 billion from the Vocus transaction, enabling us to access capital management opportunities and establish a stronger growth and lower risk investment proposition. Our guidance for fiscal year 2025 reflects the continued underlying growth in the business with lowering capital intensity and the impact of the regional network sharing arrangement in the first year as we accrue costs prior to revenue growth. We are expecting EBITDA, excluding material one-offs, to be between AUD 1.95 billion and AUD 2.025 billion. This is the same as the fiscal year 2024 guidance range, with a midpoint in line with the fiscal year 2024 result. The AUD 80 million to AUD 120 million of separation costs we have previously communicated to achieve the fiber and EGW Fixed sale will be within material one-offs. The initial EBITDA impact of the regional sharing deal is in the range of AUD 55 million to AUD 65 million, as we said last April. There are also some additional impacts to revenue recognition in fiscal year 2025 related to a key global Internet of Things contract in our Enterprise business. We do expect EBITDA growth to be skewed to the second half, reflecting the regional sharing costs and higher first half OpEx for marketing and electricity costs. But OpEx overall will be flat year-on-year in real terms. Our CapEx guidance for fiscal year 2025 is approximately AUD 900 million, consistent with our update of November 2024 and the efficiencies we are generating. We also expect a first half skew with CapEx higher in the first half. This reduction in CapEx, along with a further improvement in working capital and lower spectrum payments, will all contribute to another strong free cash flow result in fiscal year 2025. Thank you. We will now take questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  I'll hand the conference back to Paul Hutton for the Q&A session. Please stand by as we begin the Q&A session. Our first question is from Eric Choi of Barrenjoey. Hey, thanks, Paul. Thanks for the questions. Could I do like one on postpaid subs, one on free cash flow, one on EBITDA guidance? And I might just give it to you all at once, Paul, and if you want me to do one-on-one, stop me. But just on the subs, I know you're only saying February is the best net add month since December 2022, but we only get the net adds by halves. So, if you look at the December 2022 half, it was plus 60,000. The next best half was plus 20,000. Is it reasonable for us to assume you're pacing somewhere between those two halves maybe towards the bottom end if we're being conservative? Second question, just on free cash flow. So, I think your FY 2024 free cash flow to equity was AUD 240 million. And then, if I look at slide 10, it feels like you're trying to drop breadcrumbs on how strong future free cash flow could be, say, in FY 2027  (00:40:52). So, if I just take the AUD 240 million today and take all your public information, you add AUD 400 million for a CapEx reduction, you add AUD 150 million for spectrum falling out, you add AUD 250 million for a potential net interest reduction, and then you lose AUD 400 million from EG&W EBITDA, that still gets you to AUD 600 million to AUD 700 million of equity free cash flow in 2027 before any EBITDA growth. So, just, John, like, do you broadly agree it could be a much bigger number because, if so, that has implications for your dividends by then as well? And then, just lastly, on 2025 EBITDA guidance, for John again, you're guiding to flat year-on-year despite a AUD 60 million drag from MOCN. And I know there might be a cost growth, but you said that's a worst-case outcome. So, if we assume you execute on cost, then you're solving for a minus 60%. But if I just annualize the higher postpaid ARPUs and prepaid ARPUs you had in the second half, you're at a AUD 40 million benefit in 2025 already. So, you really only need a little bit from sub growth,  FWA, Lyca (00:41:51) to get to the midpoint of guidance, you don't really need anything extra beyond those? Thanks so much. Thank you, Eric. Good morning. I'm going to pass the first question to Kieren on subscribers, and then I will ask John to answer your questions on free cash flow and guidance. Okay. Kieren? Thanks, Eric. Kieren here. Just quick answer, yes, it would be within that range. And just to clarify, that's total mobile net growth for the group. And Eric, on free cash flow, I understand your math. So, your point on CapEx to sort of moving to around that AUD 600 million mark is correct, and it's after IT modernization, business simplification and 5G rollout and, also it's assuming you're doing post the Vocus transition there as well to get to that number. And we've previously noted an expected range of AUD 550 million to AUD 600 million. So, I think you've taken AUD 600 million being the midpoint. Your point on spectrum is correct. We incurred about AUD 156 million of spectrum in 2024. So, that's removed. Your interest costs, of course, that depends on the math you assume on the debt levels at that time, but logically correct. So, you do get to around that AUD 400 million, and therefore, as a result of that, your AUD 600 million to AUD 700 million pre any other drivers of growth. And then, finally, on your EBITDA question, I also understand your math of assuming an ARPU trajectory on post and pre. And therefore, you are correct, that growth disproportionately in the year comes from mobile services revenue growth, which does a heavy-lifting across both ARPU and subs. Thanks, John. Thanks, Kieren. Thanks, Iñaki. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question is from Tom Beadle at Jarden. Hi, guys. Thank you for the opportunity. I've got three as well. Just firstly, just with the outperformance of prepaid in the half year, your mix obviously moved unfavorably, but that blended ARPU still moved by about 3% sequentially in the second half. So, can you just talk to the factors that drove that, please? I mean, I realize you get the full run rate of price increases that you put through in the first half. But how much did you push back-book pricing? And did you benefit from rationalizing the number of plans in the back-book, did that drive any favorable mix? And just should we be starting to think about this as a blended ARPU rather than just looking at the sort of prepaid and postpaid in sort of in their respective silos? The second question is just actually on the postpaid subscribers. Just can you talk to the factors that drove that reduction? For example, did you see any return just from the rationalizations in plans? Is there any competition? Have you been sort of strategically pushing the prepaid channel harder, for example? And just, finally, can you just help me bridge OpEx from FY 2024 to 2025, please? Obviously, you've got the MOCN costs coming in. Can you just talk to the efficiencies that are coming through? And just to what extent inflation is an offset? And just any other moving parts that are worth calling out? Thank you. Thank you, Tom. I'm going to ask Kieren to take your question on subscribers and ARPU, and then I will ask John to take the one on OpEx bridge. Thanks. Thanks, Iñaki. And thank you, Tom. Yeah. So, the question on prepaid. So, first of all, that is where we've seen, not just within our business but across the market, where there's been a lot of the growth in population. So, the Tier 2 subscribers have grown, I think, about 3.5 times that of the Tier 1 postpaid market. So, that's been happening for the last few years. And we've been very careful about the way we compete in that market. We've used our family of brands by TPG, but also felix and also – sorry, Vodafone and also TPG and also felix. So, using all of our brands in there. And yes, we have grown well in that space. So, acknowledging that our growth over the last two years has been above our nearest competitors to that. And your point around ARPU is a good one that we've been very careful in the way that we've grown there. So, we've been obviously strong growth in the prepaid market as well. Your question around how much of it is back-book versus front-book, it's a combination, is that back-book affects more the postpaid market by the nature of the way the plans work. The question in terms of would we look at a blended ARPU, we don't intend to currently. We don't think there's use there because they're two very different distinct customer groups that have very different needs and different spending patterns. And then, I think your earlier question was around what we're seeing in the postpaid market and what were the drivers behind some of the population moves. John touched on some of this in the introduction. But what we saw and what we saw in government information is that the  center of (00:47:00) population showed that international arrivals slowed by about 25% year-on-year last year. As we know, we are a global brand in Vodafone, and that does tend to affect us. We also saw a lot of very rigorous competition in that market in handsets and promotions. That tends to have an effect of diluting ARPU. And you'd recognize that as a result, we were quite disciplined in where we promoted and how we promoted. And as a result, we saw our ARPU continue to perform outside of our competitors and then overall continue to see our margin growth very strongly across the year  and multi years (00:47:38). And Tom, thanks for your question on OpEx. Just please note that the MOCN costs aren't within OpEx. They're within direct costs, and therefore within gross margin. So, therefore, the bridge becomes a little bit simpler. And as you would have seen in our second half, our OpEx grew substantially less across all dimensions of OpEx. And as a result of that, and the actions we've taken and our management of costs, we see that OpEx being no greater than inflation in 2025, noting of course what I said on the half one versus half two split. Great. Thank you very much. Our next question is from Entcho Raykovski at Evans & Partners. Hi, Iñaki. Hi, John. My first question is maybe just to follow up on the postpaid decline in the second half, just to follow up to Tom's question. It just looks like on an underlying basis, that postpaid decline was greater in the second half than the first half given that there was no impact, the 3G shutdown, in 2H. And back in August, I think you talked about some improving subscriber trends. So, my question is, was there perhaps anything more specific in the market later in the half, which drove the decline? I mean, you've mentioned the competition and migration trends. But it just feels like those were there in the first half as well, and if anything, it should have been a slightly better outcome in the second half. I've got a couple of others. I might just hold off and wait for the answer to the first one.   Thanks, Entcho (00:49:24). The postpaid, actually, it was about even between the two halves, and the factors we were talking about affected throughout the year. Entcho, I'll just make one other point. With the pending launch with MOCN that we've spoken about today, it  didn't (00:49:41) make a lot of sense for us to maybe go harder in our go-to-market upon launch of MOCN rather than prior. Okay. All that sort of – that's probably a useful lead-in to my second question. You've given us some very useful color around subs at the start of calendar year 2025. And I know it's probably quite difficult to split out. But how much do you think has been driven by the promo offers that you've got in market? And does – I mean, does – the reaction of the consumer, does it  change your thinking (00:50:17) around the use of promo offers going forward? You want to take that one, Kieren? Thanks, Entcho. First of all, I agree that it is hard to split these out, especially over a short time period. But what we would note is that we do promos on a regular basis as our competitors do, but we don't see the uplift that we have seen in the first few weeks, the level. So, I'd suggest it is as always a chorus of many factors, but I think the big new news to the Australian telco market was the doubling of our network, and I think that's really what  we're seeing (00:50:50) consumers respond to. Okay. Great. And just a final one. Are you able to provide a little bit more color on the change in the IoT contract in EGW that you noted as part of the guidance?  It's obviously (00:51:09) going to be a headwind in 2025. In particular, I don't know if you're able to give us the dollar quantum of the headwind? Hey, Entcho, it's Jonathan here. Thanks for the question. We wouldn't go into the specific details of the contract. Look, it's probably immaterial in the overall guidance, but it is an important reason to be there and we called it out for that purpose. So, we wouldn't go into specifics of individual contracts, I'm sure you'd appreciate. Okay. No – got it. Maybe given you can't answer that one, I'll throw a final one in. You've spoken about capital management opportunity post the Vocus deal. Do you have a target gearing in mind for the new TPG assuming the deal goes ahead? What sort of  debt level (00:51:56) do you think the entity can hold? Yeah. Thanks for the question, Entcho. But first, we need to wait until this transaction gets approved. As all of you know, the ACCC will give the preliminary decision on the 27th of March, and then of course the board will assess the different options that we have for those proceeds. Okay. Got it. Thank you. The next question is from Kane Hannan, Goldman Sachs. Good morning, guys.  (00:52:38) discussion around TPG's mobile market share in Sydney versus the other regions. I mean, firstly, why do you think the share is so much stronger in Sydney than say in the other six cities? Is that mobile coverage, retail footprint, sort of Vodafone being stronger brand in Sydney? And so, how do you look to address those challenges in the other six markets given the coverage was there, I suppose, without the MOCN? Thanks, Kane. Maybe I'll take that one. Look, I think that the history of the way that the network has been deployed has always given a bit of a preference I think on Sydney, and not just Sydney Metro, but also the areas where Sydney people go. And that is just historical. I think that is something that we have seen over the years. And it is something that changes dramatically in the implementation of the MOCN agreement. That's why even though we have doubled the network nationwide, there are many states where the size of the network is triple. And that is why we see that for a lot of people that not just the ones that live in the region, but also the ones that living in the cities are, for work or for holidays, accessing those areas. The benefit that we're going to get probably outside of the Sydney region are going to be greater. And that is also why we say the brand awareness, it's a nationwide brand awareness. Our distribution is strong nationally. So, this network improvement is really what is going to drive that ability to grow in other places to the level where we are in Sydney. Yes. That's helpful, Iñaki. I mean, maybe I suppose the mobile trading year-to-date, are you seeing a noticeable difference in Sydney versus the other regions, sort of any early signs of success coming through? Kieren, you want to take that? Thank you, Kane. Overall, we're seeing growth right across the country, but it might pick up on some of the points that Iñaki mentioned. This isn't just about the places where we roll out our new network or our extended network is where we're getting the coverage, it's often in the cities, but where the people from those cities go to. And so, where we're often seeing a lot of our growth is in the other metropolitan areas. And the good news is what we're seeing is a lot of the growth is coming not from  second service (00:55:16) or from anything like that, but it's from customers choosing to leave the  other (00:55:19) telcos and join Vodafone. So, we're seeing our port-ins grow a lot as well. Thanks, Kieren. And just lastly, just the guidance, obviously, very helpful commentary on the phasing of costs. I suppose given those mobile subs and then that trading, is there a reason we think about service revenue picking up a bit into the second half, or the ARPU impacts, the Lyca contract impact that maybe offset some of the sub trends? Yeah, that's correct. Awesome. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Next question is from Roger Samuel at Jefferies. Hi. Good morning, guys. Two questions from me. First one, just on the strong net adds in February after the launch of MOCN. I suppose some of that is due to – from the marketing campaign. Is there any risk that you may have to ramp up the marketing cost in the second half of 2025 if the momentum of the net adds is slowing down? Second question is on the NBN AMPU, which went down a little bit in the second half. And that's despite the higher ARPU in that period. Is it just a reflection of the roll-off of the NBN  focus on fast incentives (00:56:44)? Thanks. Thanks, Roger. I'm going to ask Kieren to take those two questions. Thanks, Iñaki. Thank you, Roger. So, on the first question on the marketing spend over the year, look, we won't project the whole view of where we're spending, but we have laid out our marketing, the shape, for the year with the growth in mind. And we do recognize that there is a period of announcing it we only get to launch doubling the network once so we're making sure that we'll be heard loud and clear. And then, from that point on, we look at marketing like any other investment, seeing if we think it can get incremental growth. On the second point in terms of NBN AMPU over the years, as you probably appreciate, is that AMPU is a better measure to understand the NBN market than ARPU as the relationship between the two is not linear. So, in a lot of markets what you'd see is ARPU grows with, for example, speed. So, as you go up higher speeds, you get a higher ARPU. But that's not the case with AMPU. So, with NBN is actually what you see is that as you go up some of the higher speeds of 100, for example, to the 250, actually the AMPU goes down. One of the reasons that we've seen a reduction in AMPU has much to do with the changes in NBN pricing that we see throughout the year. So, you remember that NBN has locked in prices every year. So, that – it's a unavoidable and uncompressible and increasing cost to our NBN business every year. Thanks. Our next question is from Nick Basile at CLSA. Good morning, Iñaki and team. I've got three questions. The first one is on the MOCN. Can you just help us understand your perspective on the impact thus far? Obviously, you would have expected it to be positive. But just in terms of how it's tracking relative to your expectations prior to launch? And in terms of momentum, I know it's only been weeks rather than longer than that. But are you seeing continued growth in port-ins, or sort of what's the profile of that growth so far? And then second question is on the EBITDA guidance. I hear the comments about first half, second half skew in terms of costs, but overall, it sort of still feels like maybe it's a bit conservative in general given the benefit you're going to see from IT transformation. And attached to that question is just on the TAWFA, I guess, agreement, which I think you've noted there's an ACCC decision on a month's time, that would represent upside given the OpEx saving you would get from that agreement to the guidance; i.e., it's not included? And then the third question. I think you've put in one of the slides in consumer mobile section just the target around digital sales. Now, it's quite a big step-up that you're targeting relative to what you've achieved in the past. I just want to sort of explore, I guess, a bit more detail on the drivers there? Thanks. Thanks, Nick. Look, on the first question, the results that we are getting are very positive, but are also what we expected. It is a massive upgrade to our mobile proposition. So, we were expecting a good reaction from customers, and I would say that we are  under (01:00:34) our expectations. In terms of the EBITDA guidance, whether we are conservative or not, look, it is a guidance, we have quite a few things this year going on for us, including the implementation of the separation work and obviously waiting for the approval of ACCC. So, I think that you need to take it for what it is. It is guidance. And then, in terms of the digital sales target, I'm going to leave Kieren to give you a bit more detail, but in principle, we have digital brands that are performing at a very strong level. And we then also have brands that are more traditional where we are putting a lot of emphasis with all the transformation work that we are doing to improve the performance in digital and to be able to get not just the customer experience, but also the efficiency in terms of cost to serve. So, yeah, from that perspective, yeah, I think that we are quite confident. I don't know, Kieren, if you want to add anything on it? I can't build much more on what you're saying other than to repeat the fact that when we talk about transformation, we talk about the simplifying our business. It's not just about the systems. It's about the experience that customers have. One of the reasons that it is tough than we would like it to be for our customers to deal with this is there's this complexity. And that complexity often shows up as barriers in the digital experience. So, one of the things we have been committed to and investing in over the last few years and this year delivering on is a mass simplification of that experience. And one of the ways that consumers are going to be able to benefit from that is to have a lot better control and a lot better of a digital experience. And we expect to see that in terms of digital sales and digital service. Thanks. Just a quick follow-up, if I can. Sorry, the TAWFA, T-A-W-F-A, agreement, transmission, assuming that you do get approval from the ACCC, that would represent upside to your guidance; i.e., it's not included in the guidance, correct? All our guidance is done on a status quo basis. So, we've previously disclosed in the announcement of the  transaction of its (01:03:00) regulatory approval, the impacts right across the business of EBITDA, cash flows and EBIT. So, you need to look at – probably need to look at that in its entirety rather than just focus on the TAWFA component. And as Iñaki said earlier, we'll provide more color on that later this year. One thing, Nick, before finish because my team here is telling me that maybe I didn't pronounce very well  (01:03:31) that we were on expectations on MOCN, just to clarify to all of you.   (01:03:41) Our next question comes from Andrew Gillies from Macquarie. Thank you all for the opportunity. There's been a bit of discussion around the MOCN results, which sound very strong. Can you maybe provide some color on any conversations you're having with your partner there, how they're receiving the initial period of the deal and if there's any sort of incremental commentary you can give? And then, just additionally, if I may, just one more on the OpEx side. Obviously, it sounds like you're seeing growth in customers largely from metro areas that travel to rural areas. I appreciate the promotional spend will likely be directed by the growth opportunity. But how do you think about ongoing cost to support this customer? Is there something you may need to do in terms of the store footprint and how should I think about that? Thank you. Thank you, Andrew. And look, I'm going to take the first one, then I'm going to ask Kieren to give you a bit of color on your other question. We don't have conversations around commercial performance with any partner or competitor. So, this is an infrastructure arrangement between two players. We have other infrastructure arrangement with other players in the market, but that doesn't mean that discussions around commercial  reform are carried (01:05:05) among them. Kieren? Thanks, Iñaki. On the question in terms of where the growth and if there's any incremental investment required in MOCN and regional areas, I might tie actually in a way back to the comments on the previous questions from Nick around digital. What we know is for a lot of our growth customers want to be served, they want to buy, and they want to research via digital. And as we improve that experience, we expect a lot of our growth will be through digital. Also, what I'd say is we do have infrastructure in terms of stores, partner stores, mass market retailers right throughout Australia. And again, just like we're talking about with marketing, we take a very investment view to be able to – and a critical view in terms of any investment that we need in any other area. Perfect. Thank you. And then just one more follow-up, if I may. Obviously, with the changes ph] to MOCN [gaining coverage (01:05:56), how do you think about the opportunity for growth and directing that incremental reinvestment dollars? Do you prioritize revenues, subs? How should I think about kind of the returns you're expecting, and is the return on the marketing dollar getting better in your view? All of the above. I mean, at the end of the day, we will be considering – we've been quite consistent in the way that we've been driving the business in the last years. And it's always a balance, making sure that we have a sustainable, healthy business. At the same time, we are creating the enhancements on our proposition to make it more attractive to customers. And probably  2025 (01:06:45), if you look – if you consider what MOCN means as an enhancement to our mobile proposition, this is the single biggest enhancement to a mobile proposition in this market for many, many, many years. That's what we are working on and that's what is going to give us the market share growth that  we envision (01:07:04). Thank you. The next question comes from Brian Han at Morningstar. Thanks. I just had one. John, you said somewhere that you expect TPG to maintain its NBN subs at current levels. How would that happen? Will it be through a competitive pricing or bundling or some other ways? I think I said we want to maintain our market position as number two. That does mean maintain the base and improve stabilization of the base. And you will have seen that this year versus last year, whilst we declined – sorry, 2024 versus 2023, whilst we declined, we declined less. So, that's what I meant by that comment, stabilize the base and continue to hold our market as second position on NBN in the Australian market. Understood. But maintaining your current subscriber base, how would that happen? I do accept your broader hypothesis maybe behind that point that the competitive intensity in this market with the non-telco players and the smaller players driving low margin, if that's sort of the preface of your question, I accept that the NBN competitive intensity and market conditions are challenging. But I'm not going to go into how we're going to compete in market. And it's also important to know that for us, it's also the households that we serve, and that's why also we play fixed wireless and that plays a big role in the way that we are addressing this second position in terms of home broadband. Right. And I take it that in regional areas, your NBN shares very, very low, just like your mobile? Probably not. I would say that that's not the right assessment. So, in fixed, we have a more homogeneous market share across the country. Right. Okay. Thank you. Our final questions are from Fraser McLeish at MST Marquee. Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks. Just obviously a highlight of this result and your last few results has been your ARPU growth. I just got a sense from your comments up front that the focus is maybe shifting more to subscriber growth, this is on mobile I'm talking about, just if that's the case? And second, just, I guess, linked is, are you intending to monetize MOCN more through subscribers rather than ARPU? Because you're obviously giving your existing customers a lot of additional value. So, I would have thought there's an ARPU opportunity there. Thanks. Thank you, Fraser. Look, I think that for us, of course, ARPU and subscribers are important. I think that it's clear that we've been concentrating on profitability recovery and bringing the value that we provide to the customer in a sustainable way. It's also true that this ARPU has grown on the back of significant enhancements to the proposition. So, 5G, much more data. And now, we add on top of that, double the coverage, which means that we can have an ambition to continue doing both. And I think that that's really the way that we monetize the MOCN. The MOCN is an enhancement on the product that our customers are buying, and that gives an opportunity basically to enjoy much more of the product that they were before. And we'll continue to improve our 5G coverage. I think by the end of the year, 80% of our metro 5G will be completed. So, I think that that's why we are quite confident that we can do both things. Thank you. We have no more questions. So, we'll now close the call. Thank you very much for joining us. 
            