
            Management Discussion: [Abrupt Start] ...we're delighted to welcome CEO, Dr. Dominik Benner; CFO, Reinhard Hetkamp; as well as Board Member, Laura Vogelsang. So the management board will speak in a moment and guide us through the presentation and the results. And as always, following the presentation, we will move on with our Q&A session in which you will be allowed to place your questions directly to them. So having said this, Dr. Benner, I hand over to you. Yeah. Thank you very much for the introduction, and welcome, everybody, to the nine months call and our earnings presentation. So first, we would like to give you a short update about our latest developments and about the current figures of our group. After that, we will continue with the financial perspective on our company, and we will close with an outlook on the next month and about next year. All right. So, let's start with our management structure overview. Today, you have Laura Vogelsang, Mr. Hetkamp as the CFO, and me in the call, and we are open for your questions after the call. Yeah. I'll take over then. Welcome from my side as well. So I will give you a short update on the developments from the last three months after the half year earnings call. And I can tell you that we completed the acquisition of Jungherz, which is a platform for bike accessories, which perfectly fits to our older acquisition or subsidiary which is still in our portfolio. Then as a second acquisition, we have – we bought the shop or online platform  (00:01:50) in Austria, which offers like a broad assortment of, for example, washing machines, garden equipment and so on, and which perfectly also fit into our portfolio. As the third acquisition, we acquired Angermeier, which is a store for also gardening stuff, which also very perfectly fits to our Motorprofi and Simon-Profi-Technik because the assortment, the brands, and the offers are like similar and they can benefit from each other. Then we continue with the acquisition of Wehrmann, which is a wooden machine platform, which also is a good combination to our well-known Gindumac acquisition or subsidiary. So they will work very closely together and combine their assortment to be more attractive on the market of machines. Then we have the acquisition of Winkelstraat, which is a luxury platform in the Netherlands, and this is a perfect fit to our subsidiary Brandfield in the Netherlands and also to Fashionette. And what I can – or already say is that we already have some of the partners already available on Fashionette as well, and they do like a lot of sales there already. So that was also a perfect match. And last but not least, we can announce the final migration of ViveLaCar and Cluno, and we are very happy that this is now completed. All right. We will continue with the other updates from our side. So by September, we've realized that our development regarding the revenue and also the earnings side was quite positive, though we decided to increase the guidance for 2024. We increased it in terms of revenue, in terms of GMV, and also in terms of the EBITDA, so our operative earnings. And we announced it and it was quite positive  market sounding (00:03:59). And on the right side, if you also see our structure of TPG One. TPG One is our most important software project. We started it one year ago, and we have a very broad perspective on how we can ramp up our IT and software strategy and how we can connect more partners. That means we can – with new API interfaces, we get much more partners now. We can connect new industries in a much faster way. And very important, we also created a new CMS system. That means content management system that we can really handle this huge amount of products which we already have. We have millions of products in our companies which we can much better handle now. And last but not least, we also will create a new front-end. So next year, we will make a big rollout of our new front-end system which we've developed, and this rollout will start by January with the first two shops and then we will continue until end of next year. All right. And as you can see here, our current portfolio. As you see, we grow. We have more subsidiaries and good portfolio companies acquired this year. We had eight signings this year and we had so far six closings. So in our Q3 figures, six new companies have been included and consolidated, and two of the companies we expect the closing by December or by January. And additionally, we also had a strong focus on becoming more well-known in the capital market because as a stock, we are just one year listed in the stock market and we are a newcomer. And that was an important task from Reinhard Hetkamp to get more partners with research coverage. And now we have more than seven partners covering our stock, and all of them are positive about our stock development and about our earnings model. And we are very happy to announce that to you. All right. Now we'll switch to the financials and I would hand over to Reinhard. Yeah. Thank you very much, and a warm welcome to all of the audience and viewers here of this meeting here. And with regard to all this great information, what we have already got now, I would like to give you an overview about the financials coming out of these developments. And as we already informed you earlier in presentations, our expectation for the year 2024 is that we have great increases in our growing rates. And I guess what I can explain here are the main KPIs of GMV, the net revenue, the EBITDA and the net profit, you will see that we really underlined our expectations and in several areas, we already could overlap our expectations in much more higher rates. So starting with the GMV, if you can see that based on the pro forma calculation of 2023, we started in the comparable period 2023 with €469 million and could increase this figure now to €608 million, which is a growth rate by more than 30%. The respective revenue also increased by 31% compared to the – sorry, to both time areas so that we are coming from €280 million and could increase now to €371 million. Higher increases compared to our internal forecast. We have – or we are starting with more customers. We have more partners, more consolidated companies, so that this positive growth of all of the margins we already explained to you in former presentations and now could underline by the typical results. So the margin is increasing a little bit. But as you can see, we are setting up a very efficient cost reduction progress, and that is something what could be done very efficiently in the marketing cost ratios and the HR cost ratios. So both areas we could reduce our costs. Unfortunately, the distribution cost is still increasing. So our distributors and our logistic companies where we are depending to, they have higher costs based on inflation rates, on fuel cost increases and so on. But nevertheless, overall we could compensate these increases and it is on the top level of our targets for the future that we want to reduce the distribution costs to a targeted rate by 7.6% so that we will become much more efficient also in this area in –  until (00:09:43) the end of the year. But nevertheless, we could keep our expectation. Gross margin is overall increasing so that we result by an adjusted EBITDA coming from €14.5 million, increased to €24.6 million. The reported EBITDA is compared to 2023 starting at €27 million, we increased to €39 million. Why is the reported EBITDA much more higher than the adjusted one? That is something I will explain to you later. Last but not least, the net profit overall, we started in 2023 by €20 million and we could increase in 2024 same period by – up to €28.3 million. Now calculated down to the earnings per share, starting by this explained, net profit continuing operations  (00:10:49) continuing operations, €20 million in 2023, €28 million in 2024, for the first three quarters, you can see that based on our shares, the amount of shares, that the earnings per share could increase from €1 – or around about €1 in 2023, increased to €1.39 in 2024, which is an increase in percentage by 36%. Now, you will see it more illustrated here in the graphs that we have a very well development realized in 2024 compared to 2023. So you will see again the growth of the GMV from €469 million to €600 million, which is a year-over-year increase by 30%. The revenue growth in the same period from €284 million to €371 million is an increase by 31%. The EBITDA adjusted, €14.5 million in the year before, current year €24.6 million which is an increase by 70%. And the EBITDA reported coming from €27.1 million pro forma in 2023, we could realize in 2024 by an increase of 47%, the amount of €39.8 million. Here, a quick overview why do we have adjusted EBITDA a little bit lower or much more lower than the reported one. This comes from the situation that, as you know, we have already in 2024, we could realize eight acquisitions. Six of them are completely consolidated in our figures. And with regard that we could acquire the companies to a very efficient acquisition rate, we have purchased price allocation and the so-called badwill in the amount of €40.9 million. This is for sure something what we have taken out of the consideration of the calculation of the EBITDA so that we are coming from an adjusted EBITDA – adjusted means free of all, I call them happenings outside of the operation of the business starting by a €24.6 million result. Some smaller adjustments I can take out of consideration, but the purchase price allocation and the badwill result in our P&L of €14.9 million and the respective deferred tax consequence brings our reported EBITDA up to an amount of €39.8 million in the first three quarters of 2024. Last but not least, some explanations regarding our debt situation. As you know, we do not have only a long-term and a short-term debt by banks. We also acquired or could realize a Nordic bond which comes into our consideration in the third quarter of 2024. So that overall, we now have a net debt situation in 2024 by €82.9 million. This is more or less the same amount we are expecting and forecasting for the year-end. And when you compare to the long-term EBITDA, what we are considering for this year and also already for the year 2025, you will see that we are completely in the range. What we explained to all the investors, coming from a leverage by 2.5 times, we are a little bit higher or forecasting a little bit higher leverage at the end of the year 2024. But in 2025, we will consolidate in these areas some items so that we are realizing our guidance by 2.3 times long-term EBITDA leverage in 2025. Yeah. So as you can see, we are pretty much on track with our finance strategy, and we always focus on a very conservative finance portfolio, because we don't want to rely on one specific bank or bank loan. And so I think we have a good  variety (00:15:42) between buying with own cash, between classical bank loans, and between bond. And so all in all, we think we are perfectly in line with 2.3 times of leverage in our debt structure. All right. So we can continue with our non-financial KPI. Here you can see that it is reflecting our good development and our good performance in the financial KPIs. As you see, our numbers in terms of orders and active customers, it is increasing between 20% and 25%. So it is exactly reflects the growth rate. And very important, our average order value is also increasing. Now we already achieved €121 compared to €115 the year before. And the number of employees, it is also growing because we have more companies in our portfolio. On the bottom of the slide, you can see that we divided our growth rate between non-organic and organic growth. Our overall strategy is always that we have a 50/50 combination between growth in organic and inorganic terms. And in the first three quarters, we have realized a total growth rate – total growth number of €87 million. And a little bit more than the half was from non-organic and organic was 42%, which is very much in line with our own expectation. And when you have a look on our segment reporting, we always show you the numbers on each of our four segments. So in general, consumer goods is still our biggest segment with €206 million revenue. It is followed by the freight goods segment with €74 million and the industrial goods segment with €64 million. Our segments are growing. And so when you see the annual report 2024 next year, you will see that all segments are profitable. All segments have a positive cash flow, and we are very happy about the current development on that. All right, let's come to the outlook for our group. So, first of all, we have a very good first half year and that was the reason why we increased our guidance for 2024. And additionally, we saw that the Q3 earnings were also good. And now we are by end of November and we have a good feeling now about this last quarter, about Q4. And we also think that we had a pretty good start. I mean the Christmas business is still coming up by December, but right now we are very happy about the current development. Additionally, we see that we have a higher profitability because our cost efficiency program which started last year is quite successful because we can decrease the costs in our segments and in our divisions, and this has directly an impact. And you see that we also see a positive market tailwind as other competitors in the e-commerce market. We see growing customer spending not by 10%, but 3% – 2%, 3%, 4% at least. And we also see this reflected in our revenues. And as you can see, we see excellent conditions for good M&A activity. I mean the interest rates, they are going down. That means the prices can go up a little bit by the next year. But right now, we do not see many buyers in this market, and that is a good indicator that currently we can still make good deals if they are strategically an advantage for us. And that leads us that we can confirm our guidance for this year. So we communicated our guidance by September, and we think that we are on a very good track and we can confirm our guidance for 2024. Our mid-term guidance, we announced it one year before. So 2025 was our mid-term guidance. And of course, we will next year give you an update what we think about 2026. But right now, this is our perspective. It did not change. And we see for next year a GMV of €1.2 billion, so a big growth rate from our side. We see revenue of at least €570 million. This does not include new M&A. This is only based on the existing companies. And as you – as Reinhard mentioned already, our leverage, it will be limited by 2.3 times and our guidance and we think that this is a good ratio and a very conservative financial planning from our side. Our EBITDA level should reach 7% or more. And from our current perspective, we are very optimistic that this is a good goal for us and that we can reach that. Additionally, we also would like to give you three specific M&A cases which we currently proof and which we currently make due diligence and SPA discussions. So the first target to give you a better understanding of what we look at this target, it is a B2C commerce company. They are located here in Germany, and they have a very high focus on opticians. So the optician industry, we decided one year before that we would like to enter that and we have been looking for several targets. And we think that now we have the perfect target found for our company, which is the combination of local good opticians and between an online platform, which is perfectly running in this industry. And we have done the due diligence and expect a signing by December or by January. Our second target is a finance platform. It's only focusing on B2B clients like big corporates, like big real estate players, and they have a very successful platform solution and software solution for that. And we also expect a signing in the next weeks. On the right side, you'll see that we are also going on with the due diligence on the luxury side. So we have our target in the US, and we think that it could fit to us because right now, we are not present in the US market. We are just starting there with heating up our sales. And we think that this could maybe fit to us. Right now, we are still in the due diligence and maybe we have some more progress by end of this year. All right. And our future strategy, I don't want to repeat this slide so much because you already know that. First of all, we want to become the number one platform group in Europe. I think we have this year made a very good progress on that and getting much bigger in our total numbers. Second, we have to get – entering new markets because we have a very successful platform and software solution and we want to expand the software solution to new industries. Right now, we cover 23 different industries, and we will continue that we reach 30 industries by end of next year. Additionally, we have to also stay in line with our M&A strategy. We only buy companies if we think they are acceptable in terms of price and in terms of earnings. If we think that the market is not good, we will not buy anything. And on the right side, you see that, of course, we have to increase our international footprint. And that means we also expand into non-EU markets like the US and India, and this is part of our strategy. Last but not least, you see our financial calendar and our Investor Relations contact with Reinhard. So if you have any questions which you do not want to mention on this call, always feel free to contact us and to directly email to Reinhard. Thank you very much. 
            Questions and Answers: We say thank you to you for the presentation and the dive into your Q3 and nine-month results. So we will now move over to our Q&A session.  And we'd already received the first one from  Christian Salis (00:24:32). So you should be able to speak now. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions and also thanks for the interesting presentation. And I've got the three questions, please. So first of all, could you share a little bit more color on some non-financial KPIs? So the first one would be the number of active customers. I think it has decreased quarter-over-quarter from 4.8 million in Q2 to 4.5 million now in Q3. And despite you've made more acquisitions, so why is that? And also, could you please explain the key driver behind the increase in average order value? That would be the first question, please. Yes. I think these are three questions, not one question. And maybe just to clarify that, yes, sometimes we get this question why is the development in the active customers different to the number of orders? And this has one reason, because we make the active customers with last 12 months LTM and the orders is only reported in the period. But when you look on the full year development, then you have a clear picture because then both is the same period. So this is one answer. The second answer regarding our average price, the reason for that is also very  determined (00:25:59) by our products. So I just want – I think we have it in the takeaways. The first, we made less discounts as we mentioned here. And also, we delisted a lot of low priced products, especially in the luxury sector and also in our bike sector. We delisted with cheap products because the margins are too low and it does not reflect our margin goal, yeah. And what was the third one? Yeah, that was the first block. Thank you so much. Okay. And then – and maybe the second block is on the segment performance. Could you please elaborate a little bit more on the organic segmental performance? I think, for example, consumer goods or i.e., Fashionette is interesting because we've seen a significant rebound, a sequential rebound in Q3 in the German online retail space or online fashion space, yeah, also driven by an early season switch towards fall-winter collections. So maybe, yeah could you just give some color on the segment performance and also maybe highlight whether you have been able to benefit from this favorable market development in September at Fashionette? Yes. As you know, we do not make reportings for each subsidiary because then we would have to make 30 different reportings. But yes, you're absolutely right. We have a strong increase in the demand. Strong is maybe too much to say it for Germany, but we see an increase. And we see that all our competitors, they raised their guidance because they see that their customers coming back and spend more money in the e-commerce sector. What we also have to say is that we do not so much rely on customers. Our most important thing is always the number of partners, as you can see. So if we have more partners, we get more revenue, yeah, and because we have more products from them. And this is a growth driver, and as long as we grow on our partner side, we see that we have more product and with that, we get more customers. This is the most important thing. If we stagnate, yeah, with our number of partners, we will not increase our growth rate. It's not possible. And this is very important to understand why we always mention this, because from an outside perspective, maybe we are the only retailer or e-commerce company who is telling this because this is the basis of our business model, yeah, that we have software. And the more retailers we are connecting to our software, we can have a good growth strategy with that. Yeah.  (00:28:46) And one thing was about your M&A question. Yes, I mean, we generally have eight companies as a more or less target line, yeah, per year and we reached it. So we are pretty much on track with that. And I cannot give any estimation for next year, but we think that we will probably acquire more or less the same level as we did in this year. So currently, we are optimistic, yeah, but maybe this year buying prices go up dramatically, of course, we will reduce our M&A activity. Okay, thanks. And then the final block for me would be on the full year 2024 guidance. So I think the upper end of the guidance, €520 million net revenue implies a slight revenue decline actually year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And I think you are having a pretty steep comparable base in the Q4 and because there were some one-off effects in the last year, is that correct? So maybe to give us a chance to calculate a proper underlying comparable base, could you remind us what has been the positive one-off effect from the sale of the rental car business or sale of the rental cars in Q4 last year on the net revenue side and also maybe on the adjusted EBITDA side? Well, this year, the effect in the revenue with the car rental sale was around €20 million. So it's not significant in our P&L. And we... No, I mean, in last year in Q4, I think there was a big impact, no? It depends on what you think is big. The Q4...   (00:30:30) I mean, we started selling cars in the Q3 already last year. So Reinhard, I don't know if you know exactly the number, but I think for the call, we cannot tell you exactly the number because we don't know it directly. But again, we just want to mention the selling of cars is not relevant for our P&L and for our cash flow. And so this one side effect, it just headed up 2023 and 2024. It is done already. So it's done by Q2. By June this year, it was done. And so it is not relevant for us. As you mentioned, the Q4 development, we do not think that Q4 has a declining revenue. But as you know, we always have conservative planning, and conservative planning means we stay very conservative in our guidance. And if we think it should get higher, we will communicate that. All right. Thank you so much. Very clear. That's it from my side. All the best, and see you on Monday. Yeah.   (00:31:35) Thank you so much for your questions. So we will now move on with the questions from  (00:31:42). So you can ask your questions now. Yes, hello. And thank you for taking my questions. Two questions from my side. The first one is on the cost development. You already mentioned your target ratio for the distribution costs. And yeah, I would like to know how can you improve that cost position when this item depends on the development of the carrier costs? I refer here to the distribution cost. And the second part of the cost effects are the other operating costs were exceptionally high in Q3. Were there any one-off items or what were the reasons for the increase on the operating costs? Well, from the operating costs, they are more or less in the same ratio as it was last year, so we see no change here. You are absolutely right. The distribution costs, they went up to 7.8%. This is above our internal forecast. And we already mentioned that  DHL, DPD, UPS (00:32:51) and thereon, they all increased the cost rate. What we show here, these are not total numbers. These are relational numbers in percentage. And that means if we increase the average order value, now we can next year reduce this number because we want to get rid of cheap products, the dealers cheap products, and we'll focus on higher margin products. And then we can make a turnaround in this development. We will not decrease it to 6%. This is not possible. But overall, we think that we have seen the peak now, and with our strategic options and the actions we will do now, we are very optimistic that we can handle this number and make a top level out of that and do not climb higher. I think we can be optimistic about that. Okay, fair. Understood. And the second one is on the cash development and your cash target at the end of year. You're targeting a cash position of slightly above €10 million. And yeah, the  (00:33:58) that would be a further decline of around €7 million, and obviously, debt is also reducing. What does that mean for the financing of further acquisitions? And are you in a position to finance the targeted acquisition by your own cash generation or how should we think about that? Yes. As you can see in our half year report and also on our last annual report, we have a very high operating cash flow. Last year, we had more than €70 million operational cash flow. And this is a high number compared to our revenue. So we are a very positive cash flow company and we invest a lot of money in M&A. And the forecast here for end of this year, it really depends on what we have to pay until then. And if the closing of a company is this year or January, this can make €10 million difference, yeah. So if we have a closing earlier than expected, yeah, we have €10 million – like €10 million end of season. And if we make the closing by January, it's €10 million higher. So it really depends from our side on the M&A activity. And we – additionally, we also have enough resources from credit facilities from our bank partners. So we have enough financial resources to manage our growth rate. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you very much. Thank you. So we will now move on with the questions from  (00:35:32) you should be able to unmute yourself. Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just one boring question this time, I'm sorry. I was just trying to figure out the organic growth in Q3 particularly. And just remind me if my notes are correct. I think last year in the third quarter, you had a one-off effect from the ramp-up costs we just talked about of roughly €50 million, is that correct? Or just the ballpark here. I don't need an exact number. What – we just highlighted the total figures here for the first nine months. In this presentation, we did not divide it between last quarter Q3 and the total nine months period. So sorry for that. Maybe we can make a follow-up call with you. We don't have the number directly, but Reinhard, maybe you can confirm me. I think it is more or less the same level, so there is not such a big difference between Q3 and Q2. Yeah, that is exactly the case. So we are, as you know, especially coming from the ViveLaCar acquisition and the consideration of the sale of the cars and the inventory changes and so on and so on. There is no real difference of what we are showing here compared to Q2. Yeah. No, no, I know about this year, but I was trying to calculate the organic growth and I just wanted to reduce last year's top line by the car sales that impacted Q3 2023, because I think like the – like let's say operational revenue last year was actually quite a bit lower than one could see at first glance, right? So, there was a significant organic growth that kind of maybe isn't as obvious if you don't remember that last year, there were like I think €15 million of car sales in the third quarter. Is that a somewhat correct number? Yes. €50 million is possible, absolutely. Okay. And – but to come back to your question, if you want, we can make a follow-up talk with you. Maybe you are there on Monday in Frankfurt. I hope, yes. If not, we can offer you a follow-up call on this specific number, because it's not in my head right now. And Reinhard, we have to look at the specific number last year. Okay. Perfect. No problem. We can share it. That's fair. Thank you very much. Yeah, sure. Thank you. So now, we have a couple of questions in the chat box and two raised up virtual hands. And we'll move on with  (00:38:07). So you can speak now. Hello. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. I've got two main questions. One is regarding Q4 and one is regarding the M&A. You'd mentioned that two companies have not yet been consolidated. Can we expect the 0815 Group revenues to contribute to Q4? Yes, you can. We do not know exactly the closing date. We expected this month of November, maybe it could also be December, but it's not so relevant. So for one month, it's not relevant in our revenue. Okay.  (00:38:51) But for next year – but for next year, you have the full impact, yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you. And regarding the M&A, do you have any information regarding the revenues of the two M&A targets you had mentioned? We do not want to show you the numbers here because right now, we are still in the confidential agreement. So if we would mention this, it would be not fair to the other party, to seller party. Yeah. And – but we already had the comment from two analysts that in future we should maybe communicate for bigger targets the revenue side. And I think we will give you an inside perspective on that by next year, where we mentioned which of the bigger targets has which revenue. We will do that next year. Okay. Thank you very much. Sure. And thank you for answering the questions. And I'll see you in Frankfurt on Monday as well. All right. Thank you so much. So then we'll move on with the questions from  (00:39:49). So, you can ask your questions,  (00:39:51). Good afternoon, Dominik, Laura, and Reinhard. I've got a couple of questions if that's okay. First of all, when I look at the conversion of gross merchandise volume to revenue in Q3 specifically, not the nine months, it looks exceptionally high. It's something like 84%, and that is significantly higher than in Q3 last year and also the changes from Q1 to Q2. So could you talk about why that is because it's a huge movement? No, it's not – you mentioned this question in the previous call... I did. ...and the answer is the same like in the last call. As you know, we acquired some companies which do not make the revenue. They only get the provisions like Avocadostore, like Hood, yeah. They have big GMV numbers but small revenue numbers. And that is the only reason why this ratio is a little bit different this year compared to the last year when these companies has not been consolidated. Okay. But it's a significant movement in terms of – if they've got small revenue but high GMV that would move the other way. No. It's – when you look on the last quarter, you have seen the same ratio. So we do not see a big change there. It's constant in this year. So in the last six months, we have this ratio. And it is really related to these companies which have very high GMV numbers and low revenue numbers because on their P&L calculation, the revenue is not there. It's just a provision. Okay, all right. And with respect to the M&A, interesting that you're now looking at the US or  slightly firmer (00:41:41) plans to moving in the US versus the aspiration. Could you talk about the challenges that may present to you from an operational perspective in the short-term given it is the first time you're moving there? Yeah. We are a very conservative company, and that means when we go to abroad countries and M&A targets, we really want to make only small steps and do not take any risk which is not controllable for us. That means if we buy a company, it should not be big. It should be exactly in our focus. And we should every time be able to take over this company if something should happen to that. And this means if  we are going (00:42:22) to make the first acquisition in the US market, it is a small target which we can handle in a pretty good way and which is exactly what we do here. So we'll really know what we talk about when we have a due diligence on this target. And I cannot give you more details because right now it's confidential and it is still in the due diligence phase. But we are optimistic that we find the end of the due diligence by January. And maybe, yeah, if the due diligence is positive, we can go on with an SPA, yeah. Understood. If you meant – I was thinking more from an infrastructure perspective because you – at the moment, you rely on your own infrastructure obviously to fulfill for your partners. So how will that work as you move into the US? Well, it's pretty simple. Right now, we also sell products to the US market or to India, for example. We already do this but it's a small amount. And from the logistics perspective, it is the same, yeah. We just make the carriers to take everything away from all our retail partners. We make sure that the delivery to the customer is within one or two days in Europe. And if it's not Europe, you have to communicate that it takes four, five, six, seven days to the US market and that's fine. That is not a problem. Okay. And from a software perspective, you asked about infrastructure. From the software perspective, we can directly use our software, so there is no difference. Okay. And with respect to the new front-end you're introducing from the start of January, what's going to be the main benefits to customers? Better  (00:43:54), faster response rates, better mobile versions, and higher conversion rates. Great. Thank you. Very concise. I think from the time perspective, we only have one question open.   (00:44:10) tell me how much time you have. So I covered all the questions in the chat box. So maybe we can... One question or two questions maybe because we have a follow-up call. That's okay. So then let's start. Good afternoon. Could you please give us an estimate on the adjusted earnings, not adjusted EBITDA for nine months 2024, so excluding the non-recurring earnings related to the acquisitions? I'm not sure if we really understand the question to be honest. Okay. Then let's... Because, I mean, we have the overview here. And we have the adjustments of €1.4 million, yeah. For example, if we have  (00:45:05) costs for the bond structure, then this is an adjustment. And we have no adjustments like restructuring costs in the M&A targets. So if this is mentioned or is intended, this question. So I do not understand. Maybe this person who asked this can send us a message to Investor Relations and then we can come back to this question.   (00:45:29) Yeah, that would be the best, yes. Okay. Then another question. For how many months was  (00:45:36) Group consolidated in the nine-month period? One. All right. So all the other questions, we can really follow up by email. If you have further questions, always feel free to contact us. And from our side, thank you very much for this call. And thank you very much for these very good questions and the interaction. 
            