
            Management Discussion: [Abrupt Start] ...In August, we had a four-year contract with Seqwater valued at AUD 220 million to deliver preventative and reactive maintenance across this water network in Southeast Queensland. I thought it would be worthwhile to share an update on our strategic relationship with Telstra, a partnership now spanning over 30 years. The trust and understanding of their network enabled us to agree upon a long-term contract, with an initial five-year tenure. This provides Ventia with stability and predictability, whilst facilitating operational efficiencies for Telstra. The AUD 2 billion contract covers the design, build and maintenance of Telstra's critical digital infrastructure, which includes nationwide lifecycle management and fixed network services. This new collaborative arrangement commenced at the start of this year and will deliver mutually beneficial outcomes for both parties. Our strategy is to redefine service excellence, and we strive to leverage our competitive capability to promote customer focus, innovation and sustainability. In terms of customer recognition, we are very proud that in November, Ventia was recognized as the Defense Base Contractor of the Year. The Department of Defense  referencing our (00:01:25) true team of teams partnership alongside our service delivery and customer-centric approach. This is an outstanding accolade, a true testimonial for the dedication our defense team place on delivering a premium service to the more than 100,000 defense force personnel we support. We recognize that success like this cannot be taken for granted. And in 2024, we launched a research program to better capture the voice of the customer, so we can continually strive to exceed their expectations. This program will expand in 2025, allowing us to track and act on their feedback. In 2024, we achieved a very high customer renewal success rate of 91.9%, delivering in excess of AUD 3.9 billion of contract renewals and/or extensions. Our cross-selling revenue also hit a new high of AUD 116 million, growth of 24% on the prior year. Encouragingly, our qualified cross-sell pipeline now exceeds AUD 1 billion of opportunity. The second pillar of our strategy is innovation. Last year, we formally launched a new responsible AI framework, allowing us to leverage emerging AI capability into our business to increase knowledge, better inform decision-making and drive efficiency benefits. We see this is just the beginning of our AI journey and are excited about the future potential for these platforms. Our sustainability efforts remain critical to the success of Ventia and the communities we serve. In 2025, we will adopt the new climate and sustainability reporting standards and update on our progress in pursuit of our Science Based Targets for 2030. In 2024, our Scope 3 emissions did grow by 12.6%, largely due to increased spending in purchasing goods and services. However, we made good progress on our Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions, which reduced by 11.4%. In 2023, we introduced the TOMs methodology, which stands for Themes, Outcomes, and Measures to assess our social sustainability impact. In 2024, we delivered an estimated AUD 3.9 billion in social value benefit, which means we have captured a total of AUD 8.2 billion of social value since we introduced the measure last year. Before I hand over to Mark, I wanted to give an update on the proceedings initiated by the ACCC in December. The Ventia board and management take these allegations very seriously. Based on the information provided to date, we do not believe that Ventia or its employees have engaged in any misconduct. We intend to defend the allegations. Our conduct and associated governance are critical to our success. Ventia is committed to ethical business practices and seeks to uphold the highest standards of governance and risk management. I'll now hand to mark to provide more detail on the financials. Thanks, Dean, and welcome, everyone. Let's start by taking a look at our track record of performance. Over the last four years, since Ventia listed, the business has delivered consistent growth. Group revenue has increased by 34%, and in 2024, strong results from our telecommunications and defense and social infrastructure sectors largely drove the 7.6% revenue growth. Over the last two years, EBITDA has increased by 31% and the EBITDA margin has remained stable at 8.2% this year. NPATA has increased by an impressive 55% since 2021 and grew by 12.8% last year due to business performance, lower amortization and higher interest income. One further comment on NPATA for the FY 2025 year. Last month we announced the innovation of Toowoomba Second Range Crossing contract. We expect to realize a one-off profit from this transaction of between AUD 20 million and AUD 25 million during the first half of the current financial year, and this one-off profit has been excluded from our guidance range. Our track record of consistent performance demonstrates the resilience of our portfolio, the cash generative nature of our business, and the enduring strategic relationships we've built with our customers. Looking more closely at our financial performance for the year. EBITDA grew by 7.3% and our margins remained stable at 8.2%. Cash conversion improved to 91.4% due to continued focus on invoicing and cash collection. Capital expenditure increased to AUD 67.4 million or 1.1% of revenue. This is a little higher than we've seen in previous years, driven by investment in our core business, including plants and machinery to support contract wins in the infrastructure services and telecommunications sectors. Net finance costs have decreased due to higher cash balances. Overall, I'm very pleased with the 2024 financial performance and we're well positioned to meet expectations for 2025. Let's now look at the sectors in more detail. Our Defense and Social Infrastructure business had an excellent year, with strong growth in both revenue and EBITDA. Performance was driven by contract growth and new contract wins, as well as efficiency programs to improve margins. Infrastructure Services had a solid last six months, with EBITDA margin improving from 7.9% in the first half to 8.7% in the second half. This was due to the ongoing mix shift from lower margin resource and industrial projects toward higher margin energy, water and renewables projects, and increased focus on driving efficiency across the portfolio. It's also pleasing to see new contract wins in the Energy, Water and Renewables segment, including Western Power and Seqwater, which positions the sector well for continued growth in 2025. Our Telecommunications business continues to experience significant growth. Revenue increased by an impressive 14.6% and EBITDA by 15.3%. Telco revenue was supported by build volumes across new and existing work programs. Work winning in Telco has been exceptional this year, with more than AUD 3 billion of work in hand added to the portfolio and a lengthening of tenure that we've not seen in Telco previously. Our Transport business had a weaker second half due to operational and contract award delays impacting delivery timing. This was partially offset by new Transurban Queensland and New South Wales Smart Motorway projects. Overall, this result again demonstrates the advantage of our diversified model, delivering a more reliable and resilient result for the group as a whole. Moving to our debt and liquidity positions. In November 2024, we successfully refinanced our AUD 1.15 billion of debt across all facilities. The second half of 2024 showed positive debt market conditions, and we took the opportunity to lengthen and diversify our funding mix, while reducing margins and improving terms. Our new Asian term loan was over 2.5 times oversubscribed, which showed great support for Ventia despite being new to that market. Our first maturity is now not until November 2027. And with our term loans converted into revolvers, we now have the flexibility to repay debt at any time. In terms of cash, as at December 31, we had AUD 392.8 million on hand and a AUD 400 million undrawn revolver, resulting in total liquidity of AUD 792.8 million. Our S&P and Moody's ratings remain stable and unchanged, reflecting the reliability and stability of our cash flow, continued improvement in credit metrics and consistent business performance. Our net debt to EBITDA continues to decline and is now at the very bottom of our target range at 1 times, well within our covenants and our credit rating band guidelines. I'll discuss the buyback on the next slide, but important to note that post buyback, our leverage will increase only slightly to around 1.1 times, still towards the bottom end of our target range. We have a healthy balance sheet, a cash-generative business model, and a proven ability to grow without substantially increasing our capital intensity. As a result of our strong financial position and positive outlook, as Dean said earlier, we're pleased to announce today an on-market buyback of up to AUD 100 million subject to market conditions. The on-market share buyback is complementary and additional to the announced final dividend of AUD 0.1063 per share, which combined with the interim dividend, represents a total dividend of AUD 0.1998 per share and a payout ratio of 75% of NPATA franked to 80%. Further capital management initiatives may be considered in the future, subject to Ventia's operating performance and market conditions. At the half year result in August last year, we laid out our capital allocation framework, and here, we illustrate how we've delivered against that framework through 2024. Firstly, our financial strength and flexibility has been maintained, delivering strong cash conversion of 91.4%, net debt to EBITDA at the bottom end of our target range, refinancing our debt facilities on favorable terms and maintaining unchanged investment grade credit ratings from both S&P and Moody's. Secondly, we've invested to grow the core business. We invested AUD 67 million in capital expenditure, including growth investments in several of our businesses. We also acquired the Landscape Solutions' Land Management Business in New Zealand for AUD 13.4 million, bringing a high quality subcontractor in-house, thereby accessing capability and broadening relationships with key customers. Finally, we've maximized total shareholder returns through a 12.8% increase in our dividend and announcing a AUD 100 million buyback. We will continue to focus on using shareholders' capital in a disciplined way to drive earnings growth and deliver sustainable shareholder returns over the long term. I'll now hand back to Dean. Thank you, Mark. In financial year 20025, Oxford Economics Australia estimated our addressable market will be AUD 83.4 billion and is projected to grow to over AUD 100 billion by full year 2028, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 6.4%. When you consider that against our circa AUD 6 billion of revenue, the headroom and opportunity for organic growth is clear and substantial. The tailwinds in the essential services market and key demand drivers underpin our growth potential. First, the large and growing asset base. The federal government has announced a pipeline of AUD 120 billion for infrastructure spend through to 2034. Despite spend on large newbuild projects reducing, this is offset by an increase in spend to maintenance and upgrade existing infrastructure. The recent NBN announcement around the fiber upgrade paths for the remaining 622,000 homes and businesses is backed by an equity investment of up to AUD 3 billion from the Australian government, in addition to more than AUD 800 million from NBN Co. Ventia currently has a market-leading position in the support and delivery of service for NBN. The investment announcement is illustrative of the quality, qualified and emerging opportunities in our work winning pipeline. Australia's population is expected to grow by 1% to 2% annually, primarily due to positive net migration. This will undoubtedly drive additional usage of public infrastructure, especially in urban centers. Thus, state and federal government are responding with significant investment commitments. For example, the Victorian government announced a record AUD 15 billion of health investment, while the New South Wales government announced AUD 28 billion of planned expenditure across the education portfolio. Over the last decade, outsourcing has increased by 9%, with a total maintenance market expected to be up 59% outsourced by full year 2028. In 2024, there was a 33% increase in the value of contracts published on the AusTender. The Commonwealth Government's procurement system. This is the highest value ever reported. The energy transition is accelerated. The investment in renewable power transmission and distribution is increasing. The contracts for both Western power and the continued growth of our recently acquired ATC business are illustrative of the increasing opportunity for Ventia in this space. The market in front of us is sizable. The challenge for Ventia is to navigate and convert this pipeline of quality opportunities to meet, if not exceed our future growth ambitions. We often get asked what differentiates Ventia. So, I wanted to spend a little time sharing and highlighting some components of our value proposition. We have a clear strategy to redefine service excellence, delivered through a focus on customer, innovation and sustainability. An aspiration we set prior to listing in 2021 and one that continues to guide our culture. People are at the heart of our business. We have a 35,000 strong workforce distributed across the length and breadth of Australia and New Zealand. Every day, our people bring our strategy and indeed our brand to life. We seek to build deep and long-term strategic relationships with our customers, evidenced by our high contract renewal rate. The testimonials and references of our customers are critical to our success and the gateway to achievement of our future growth ambition. We look at innovation through two lenses. Firstly, how can we leverage data to offer the latest and most informed perspective? And then how can we leverage this knowledge base to introduce smart and efficient solutions? A core data infrastructure is a competitive advantage. VenSights, for example, offers a platform to monitor performance  and wrap with (00:18:56) common governance control process across our entire enterprise. From a sustainability perspective, we're focused on meeting our targets, both environmental and social, seeking to deliver positive outcomes for the benefit of future generations. We always aspire to be a good corporate citizen, offering both tangible and intangible benefits to the communities we serve. Risk management, control and governance is embedded throughout our gated lifecycle approach. The robustness of search being fundamental to the reliability and predictability of our business. Our track record affords us the confidence to forecast future outcomes. Finally, as per my update on the previous slide, the market we operate in offers Ventia considerable headroom for organic growth. If we grasp the market opportunity, maintain our discipline, and continue to build momentum around our strategy, we have excellent future prospects. In summary, we've built a robust platform. 2024 was another progressive year for Ventia and we enter into 2025 with confidence around our future prospects. I'm therefore in a position today to announce our 2025 guidance range for NPATA growth of 7% to 10%. Equally, our capital position is strong and therefore we intend to return up to AUD 100 million of surplus capital back to shareholders through an on-market buyback. Finally, I would like to offer my sincere appreciation to everybody who helped contribute to Ventia's success, our board, employees, subcontractors, suppliers, customers, and indeed our shareholders. A massive thank you from me for your continued support. I look forward to working alongside you in 2025 and beyond. I will now open the lines for any questions. Ash, back to you. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Nick Daish with RBC. Please go ahead.   Good morning (00:21:41), guys. Thanks for the time and congrats on the results. My first question is just on the guidance you provided for next year, 7% to 10% NPATA growth, realize it's a difficult number to split, but could you have a go at trying to split that number between the benefit of inflationary mechanisms that you have in your contracts, your existing contracts  (00:22:01), and then what you allow for from a contract – a new contract win perspective. Just if we could try to split that 7% to 10% number, please. Nick, thank you for your question. Look, from the perspective of the way we look at guidance is obviously we, first of all, evaluate risks and opportunities. And within all of our contracts, as you know, there are inflation mechanisms built into them as well, which we consider. There's variability on that, but the BIS Oxford update,  so this CAGR (00:22:36) going forward of 6.4% obviously includes inflation as well. Last year, you'll see, we grow by 7.6% as a business and we've always said the aspiration is to continue to take market share by realizing quality opportunities. My expectation would be that inflation is probably somewhere between 3% and 4% and then the balance of our growth will come from within new opportunities and contract growth through the current market that we've got. But I just repeat that our guidance is around NPATA, it's not about revenue growth. So, the guidance is very much focused on NPATA and that's what we've done consistently since listing in 2021. Yeah. I might just add there. Nick, Mark here. The – in relation to inflation, we talk a lot about our about EBITDA margin, which has been relatively stable around that 8% to 8.2%. And that's the way we think about it because as Dean says, yes, we might get inflation on the revenue line and then we get inflation on the expense line as well. But the key is that the margin is roughly maintained. Perfect. That's very clear. Thank you. And then next one is just on this defense procurement process that you're going through at the moment, the EMOS contract. Obviously, federal  relation are inbound (00:24:06), I'm just interested in any role that that may or may not play in that procurement process. I realize that it's been a very lengthy process and election playing a role in the last two to three months before an announcement would be  (00:24:19) but just interested in any risk that you're allowing for there, please? Well, I think the first thing I would say is that defense are a very diligent client. So, they look through the procurement process professionally to try and make sure they get to the right end result. We're obviously very pleased to be a key strategic partner to defense, and we're very proud last year to be announced defense-based contractor of the year. And indeed, last year, we won the first contract in the defense-based services tranche of contracts, which was a firefighting. It is obviously been a delayed procurement process and you'll probably see on their portal they are suggesting an outcome to the process in the second half of 2025. The current contracts run until June 2025 and as today is February 19, my anticipation is that they will soon be talking to us, but we haven't got anything that we can give you an official update on today. In terms of the election, I've got to say candidly, I don't know their internal process, but I think there is a risk that if we move into caretaker mode, they may not be able to progress decisions around significant contract from a governance perspective. Now, that may drive short-term extensions to the current contracting entities. But I think there's a quite a few unknowns in that. So, hopefully, I'll give you color and context without being particularly decisive in terms of long-term trajectory, apart from we very much believe we've offered a value proposition to defense that will see us continue to be a long-term partner to them moving forward. All right, thank you. Very clear, thank you. Thanks, Nick. Your next question comes from George Stewart with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Hi, team. Congratulations on the results. I've got two questions. The first is regarding the FY 2025 one-off that sit outside that AUD 20 million to AUD 25 million game you've already guided related to that Toowoomba contract. Given the ACCC allegations going on, are you able to provide any guidance on how much you expect the defense to cost and sort of how long? Yeah. Look, I mean I'll hand to Mark, because I think they're both finance questions. What I would say in terms of NPATA guidance, we obviously evaluate all the risks and opportunities in our portfolio. So, we consider defense, clearly from an ACCC perspective, it is something we intend to defend. We have built some legal costs into our ongoing cost base and therefore that's included in the guidance. In terms of Toowoomba, I will allow Mark to give an update on that and he might wish to also add some color on our guidance. Yeah. Hi, George. Thanks. Look, we generally like to stick to the statutory numbers as much as possible. That's why we've called out Toowoomba because it was a special one-off event of a reasonable size. But otherwise, that's our intention to stick to statutory numbers. So, that being the case, as Dean said, the ACCC legal costs or the expectation of those costs has been included in our forecast and is part of our 7% to 10% guidance. I'm not going to quantify what is in the forecast. I think  that's probably getting (00:28:02) into too much detail. But suffice to say that the guidance is after any of those expected costs.   (00:28:12) very helpful. Now, on that Toowoomba contracts will be unfavorable in onerous contracts roughly AUD 15 million for the full year. Can we expect that balance sort of halving. And what projects remain after the residual balance and when can we expect that  timeline (00:28:36)? Yeah. So, yes, as you will have seen, the innovation consideration was AUD 6.3 million. But we've said there'll be a AUD 20 million to AUD 25 million positive. The largest component of the difference is in unfavorable contracts where we have the Toowoomba contract within that. So, yes, you will see a movement in that line in the first half. Again, I don't want to get into specific contracts for the remainder of that unfavorable provision, but they are very few and they are in the transport sector and they run for many years. So, the remainder of the unfavorable, you'll  unwind over up to 2040, so still a long way to go there. The onerous contracts, we're now pretty much run into that so that will become zero during the course of this year. And George, I think we've said previously that we probably hope to stop talking about onerous and unfavorable contracts because it's quite a small number now in our financials. And as Mark said, it does run for quite a period of time, but a small level of run-off. Yes. Thanks. Your next question comes from Megan Kirby-Lewis with Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Oh, good morning. A couple for me. Just firstly just on defense assumptions built into that NPATA guidance, it would just be useful to understand how you're thinking about it into the second half. Yeah. I think I'll repeat what I said before, Lina (sic) [Megan] (00:30:20), and thank you for the question there. In our guidance, we have a whole portfolio of a business, defense being one of those contracts. So, from our perspective, we have looked to the risks and opportunities, evaluated that and looked at it from a guidance perspective. I think equally going back to the question earlier about the EMOS contracts and what we think is going to happen, we continue to provide services to defense on multiple different contracts. We would anticipate to be continuing to offer services to them in the second half here. But I'm not in a position where I can give you anything more material at this point because I don't know anything more material beyond the fact that that particular contract comes to an end on June 30, and today's February 19. So, either we're going to hear something very soon and of course, if we do, we'll communicate that appropriately. But I think the time now to mobilize those contracts is shortening and defense will need to make sure they've got continuity of delivery of service given it's an important service to defense personnel across the geography of Australia. That's great. I guess, I  interpret – thought (00:31:38) I guess sort of base case is an extension for this continuation of what you're doing now into the second half, but the guidance range would capture if we were to see any change in that contract before year end, that the guidance range would capture some potential down or upside to that. Yeah. I think as I've said, it's a portfolio business. So, there's opportunity going forward for us to realize upsides as well as downsides. But our guidance is taking considerations of the risk and then therefore took a balanced consideration of those to say that if there was downside on one contract, hopefully that would be mitigated by upside on another contract. No. That's super helpful. Thank you. And then just on the NBN work, if you could just remind us sort of the current revenue at the moment, but then how much of that is still or is like out  (00:32:28)? I would love to give you that information. We don't normally give specific contract or client information unless it's in the public domain. What I can tell you is that we continue to enjoy a very good relationship with NBN and I think that's evidenced by the fact that we won three contracts with them last year with a value of circa AUD 300 million. There are other opportunities in the market with NBN as we move forward and we are actively in that procurement process and I can't give any further update at this point in time. No, that's fine. Then just on Transport, just cited the operational potential headwinds and then some issues around the contract awards,  the way just (00:33:19) the extent to which they have been addressed, and if they do or do not fall into, say, FY 2025? Yeah. Thanks, Lina (sic) [Megan] (00:33:26). Our expectation is that we will see improvement in FY 2025 and that those issues in the second half were primarily of a timing nature. So, we are expecting to see improvement on the second half next year. Megan, they were great questions. And I apologize because the biggest mistake I hope we make on this call is the fact that we got your name wrong. So, sincere apologies from Mark and I. No, no, no. All good. All good. Just one final one for me is on the CapEx, so to say, slight increase there. Just what sort of percentage of revenue you should be seeing going forward? Yeah. So, we were at 1.1%, I still consider that capital-light. As I think we've said before, we're not  wedded (00:34:16) to a particular percentage number except that we want to remain capital-light. So, for me, the key issue is where we do invest capital, are we getting a really good return on that investment? And that's the lens through which we look at it. So, if there are opportunities to invest, to grow our core business, where we felt that we were going to get a return in excess of our hurdles or likewise for acquisitions, then we wouldn't feel as though we couldn't pursue those opportunities, because we're trying to stick to a particular percentage of revenue. But having said that, the general orientation is a capital-light model. Very clear. Thank you.   Your next question comes from John Purtell with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Good day, Dean and Mark. I hope you both well. Just have a few questions, please. Just the first one on your revenue. Obviously, still in positive territory in the second half, you're up 5%, but that was a slowdown on the 11% in the first half. Obviously, Transport was down. Are there any other areas of softness to call out? And is that – I appreciate your comments before, Dean, is – I mean, is that – 5% we saw in the second half, I mean is that a proxy for expected top line growth in the year ahead or are you hopeful you can do better? Great question, John. Thank you. First of all, I would say that we never look at it really through short-term cycles. For us, it is a long-term cycle. And if we take Transport as an example, over the two years, growth there of 23% on the back of really strong year with mobilizations on Transurban Queensland, Sydney Harbour Tunnel, et cetera. So, you're going to see change in cycles. What I'm really encouraged by actually, and I think is given us a good tailwind coming into 2025, is, one, we talked about potentially IS been a bit of a dip as we started to transition that business from lower margin work into a growing sector around energy, water and renewables. And we saw margins in that particular business grow from 7.9% in the first half to 8.7%, which I think gives us a good start point for 2025. And secondly, we've talked for a long time about we believe there is long-term momentum around telecommunications and we've certainly seen the contract award. Telstra not only given us a boost in our working hand, but given us a stability of a long-term contract, which given it is one of our highest margin – well, actually our highest margin sector I think is really important. So, my view is that the trajectory for the business is good, but I would always look at it through longer term cycles. And my view is that I'm confident we'll continue to see growth in 2025, but we'll focus on quality opportunities rather than just  drawing (00:37:26) quantity into our business. So, a selective process around winning and governance, risks and control will be something that we continue moving forward. Thanks, Dean. The second one just around the broader backdrop for government spending. Obviously, we're seeing tighter fiscal positions. Challenges in the likes of Victoria have been pretty well documented. I mean, what impact is that having on Ventia or expected to have? Yeah. Look, I think it's an interesting question. I've got to say to this point in time, we actually look at it as an opportunity and the reason we look at it as an opportunity, picking up on a couple of points in the presentation is, number one, we are seeing reduction in expenditure on new assets and commitment to new-build, but that's being offset largely by requirements driven by things like population growth to upgrade or increase maintenance on current assets, which obviously for our businesses as an essential services provider is advantageous. I think the second thing is that we are seeing more inbound conversations about potential opportunities for outsourcing. And I think where there's economic challenges around budgets, maybe that's an opportunity for us going forward. So, I don't think I'll say anywhere particularly there is a key challenge for us going forward. But I think equally the value of our business is that we span the breadth and depth of Australia and New Zealand and we have a portfolio of different capabilities. Equally, I would say that we've set ourselves up really well, given the fact that our average contract tenure with extensions is seven years, that our renewal rate really being high means the platform that we've got and  if you like that (00:39:18) short to medium-term revenue coverage is really good for our business. So, at the minute, nothing to note. We obviously will continue to be watching brief to see if it impacts us. But at the minute, we probably see it slightly falling on the positive side rather than the negative side. And just last one for Mark, just in terms of your balance sheet and how you're thinking about potential bolt-on acquisitions, obviously, the main focus is on organic growth, but you still notwithstanding the buyback. You're still preserving capacity, so bolt-ons  by the looks (00:39:58) and I suppose just where that's sitting priority-wise? Thanks. Yeah. Thanks, John. You're right. And I think it's all about balance. And we're trying to follow through with the capital allocation framework where we want to maintain our financial strength. But if there are opportunities to invest, to grow the core, then we want to do that. And we also want to make sure that we're being good custodians of shareholders' funds, and if our – we do both of those things and still have excess capital, that we have capacity to return to shareholders as well. So, it's not an either or. In relation to acquisitions, we've done three small ones, as you know, in the last few years. They've all been successful. And it is part of the consideration going forward that we will continue to look at those sort of bolt-on acquisitions, as we've previously said. So, as I think we've said before, we'd be very cautious with anything very large or transformational. But certainly, the bolt-ons, we expect that we'll continue to occasionally make those acquisitions where it makes sense to accelerate the growth of our core business. Thank you. Your next question is from Nick Daish with RBC. Please go ahead. Hi. Thanks, guys. Just one more question for me. I'm just interested in the NBN. Obviously, yesterday, we saw a  tenderee (00:41:28) drop out of a procurement process. I'm not expecting you guys to comment on that process itself. But you could you talk a little bit around the competitive dynamic amongst yourself and your peers in relation to NBN contracts at the moment? And how you see that evolving as the NBN has continued to evolve and more to the point in the next three years to five years with additional funding being announced by the  (00:41:51) government recently, please? Yeah. Look, I think the first thing that I would say is that we welcome strong competition, because it helps as a business to become stronger ourselves and we believe in ourselves in terms of the value propositions we can put forward to customers. So, I think that's important. If you look at that landscape in telecommunications, I think it's pretty stable. The only real change in the marketplace is probably three years ago now when  (00:42:20) services. And if you look at that particular announcement by BSA, clearly they were looking to a joint venture with UGL to promote credentials into telecommunications. And again, I would say there's a high entry barrier for new contestants on the basis that the clients really do want to consider risk and surety of delivery, which is really important to them. I don't know the facts behind why they were unsuccessful. And I think that there's a lot of speculation out there about what that means for the other providers. At this point in time, I can't give you any further update. But if there is news moving forward, clearly we'll share that as and when we can. All right. That's great detail. Thank you. There are no other questions at this time. I'll now hand back to Mr. Dean Banks for closing remarks. Ash, thank you very much. Thank you for everybody joining us on the call today. I'm pleased once again to give you an update on the progress of the Ventia business, and I look forward to continuing to update you on our progress at our half year results later in the year. Thank you for your questions this morning. And once again, thank you to everybody who contributes to the success of the Ventia business. Appreciate your time today. 
            