
            Management Discussion: Good morning, everybody and thanks very much for taking the time to join us today for Whitehaven Coal's Full Year Results Call and Presentation for FY 2024. As usual, I'm joined by Kevin, our CFO, Ian, our COO and our IR team with Kylie and Keryn. Kevin and I will go through the presentation as usual, and then we'll move into the Q&A session as quickly as we can. Moving on firstly, first and foremost our safety, our safety and environmental performance. Just want to focus on that. These are very, very encouraging results from our perspective. And I'll say that because it's, for me, the more pleasing because of the level of the distractions that have been going on the business from the non-routine activities that we have in a normal year. So to be able to land on safety and environmental performances that we have were particularly pleasing. New South Wales business, of course, historically had been on a very good trend  (00:01:32) continued that this year with our TRFIR down to 3.3 for the year, which is a great change, so it's an improvement. Our new assets in Queensland landed with a TRFIR of 6.6 for the quarter and we are working very closely on integrating our business together to ensure that we've got Whitehaven Safety Management System rolled across Queensland and we can continue to drive the performance that we've been experiencing from a safety improvement perspective. Now for the second year running we've had no environmental enforcement actions, which has been terrific and certainly Queensland also emulated that top performance with the quarter that we've got in our results here today. I'll go into FY 2024's highlights and of course this has been a transformational year for us with the acquisition of the Queensland metallurgical coal assets. We have successfully transitioned into ownership obviously in – to Whitehaven and we delivered successful and safe production outcomes for their first quarter, the Q4 of FY 2024 year. Overall, the New South Wales business has performed well and the highlights for that is the open cuts performing nicely and certainly Narrabri has certainly turned the corner and performed better again in Q4. Looking at the financial highlights, we delivered AUD 3.8 billion of revenue and underlying EBITDA of AUD 1.4 billion and an underlying NPAT of AUD 740 million for the year. This includes Q4 revenue contribution from the Queensland assets of AUD 869 million and AUD 273 million of underlying EBITDA contributed. The statutory NPAT for the group is AUD 355 million, it's after non-recurring items primarily related to acquisition. Kevin will go through that shortly for you. These good results have underpinned the financial stability of the business. It allowed us to declare a final dividend of AUD 0.13 per share to be paid on the 17th of September, taking the total for the year to AUD 0.20 for the year, fully franked. From a TSR perspective, across the year we delivered a 23% return, across the 12 months, which is a pretty positive result, which brings us about 30th in the ASX100,  (00:03:44), given that we've been hovering between the 80 and the 70 range across the course of the year. From an operational perspective, we delivered 24.5 million tonnes of ROM. New South Wales has realized a price of AUD 217 per tonne for FY 2024, the Queensland for the quarter of June AUD 271 per tonne good results both there. New South Wales unit cost ended just above the top of their guidance of AUD 11.4 over, reflecting lower than planned volumes from our Narrabri production. And then of course taking one quarter to integrate that into our results. There is an overall result of AUD 120 per tonne for the group, Queensland component to that being AUD 147 per tonne. But before we get on to the financials results too far, I did want to just pause for a moment and talk about the other important announcement that we put out this morning and that is that obviously we've announced this morning that we've now signed binding agreements to sell to Nippon Steel and JFE, a combined 30% equity stake in the Blackwater mine, which has been a fantastic end to a process which has been done not just cooperatively and with a fantastic spirit of goodwill, but a very competitive process and in a very expeditious time bound, I'd have to say. We do feel like we have formed essentially the gold standard of joint ventures in metallurgical coal assets, I have to say. And this marks the completion of step two of a two-step process, which sets up Whitehaven for the future. When the transaction completes, Nippon Steel will have 20%, JFE will have 10% of the joint venture, and we are to receive consideration in aggregate of $1.8 billion upon the completion of these transactions. It is a strategic initiative that we've been chasing here and it includes long-term offtake arrangements for both parties and validates Whitehaven's acquisition of these important assets and the ongoing importance of Blackwater coal to the met coal asset – the met coal market. Whitehaven will manage the joint venture and our partners are supportive of the strategic direction we want to take Blackwater in  and we've – as our (00:05:52) drive to continue to unlock value from this important asset over time. The return metrics for our retained position in Blackwater are enhanced by this joint venture arrangement. They're not just obviously selling it at a compelling price per percentage point of equity in the Blackwater mine. But we also keep the 100% of the free cash flow, of course, from the time that we bought the asset at the 2nd of April, right through to say an estimated closure period that we estimate at the back end of the year. So for the nine months that that we've hold the asset, we take all the cash flows. And in addition to that, we have a $2 per tonne management fee as the operator of the mine, which will kick in – will be indexed. Of course, that will kick in and cover all sales tonnes for the operation. So a very positive enhancements to our overall returns metric. And, of course, taking the money off the table, de-risking the balance sheet, certainly enhance the return metrics for our retained position. The cash proceeds obviously fortify the balance sheet very quickly and should take away any concerns about gyrations in coal prices from time to time and our ability to meet all the various commitments we have associated with the original purchase. The buyback remains on hold for two years, as we've said, and dividends will flow from the New South Wales business, as you've seen us declared today. But I think with – obviously with the strengthen in balance sheet and by the time the proceeds for this transaction materialize in the bank account, which is likely to be Q1 of calendar 2025, the board will have the opportunity to review the payout ratio for the final dividend for FY 2025. Whitehaven remains the obliged or on the hook for the contingent and deferred payments, but obviously the price that we've negotiated with the two joint venture partners includes the upfront payment of their share of those payments, as well. So we'll keep that money aside and make sure that we've got all those obligations covered nice and tidy. And as I say, our balance sheet is certainly in very good shape. From our perspective, this is a tremendous conclusion to a two year acquisition process and have seen the transformation of the company into a metallurgical coal producer and now on a very solid financial footing. Moving across to our markets. Obviously Whitehaven has transformed into a metallurgical coal producer, but maintains a fantastic position in the high CV thermal coal market. Obviously the thermal coal market, Japan, Korea, Taiwan and Malaysia are now complemented by our metallurgical coal customers. That's not to say many of them are familiar customers to us, but it is a much expanded portfolio in that sense. So FY 2024 sales revenues, 50% of that came from Japan, Taiwan was next at 14%, Malaysia were 10%, and South Korea were 7% of the total revenues, India was at 6%. But that will increase as we know with the greater proportion of Queensland production in this new year's numbers. The other top 5 countries, 13% of revenue comes from Europe, Vietnam, Indonesia, Chile, New Caledonia, a range of good jurisdictions to be selling into. As we called it at the time of the quarter, the revenue split between met to thermal at the quarter Q4 were 69%, 41%. We expect that to gravitate to the 70%, 30% over a full year. Given as we said, there was a lower proportion of sales at Daunia and  we'll, of course, speak about that (00:09:19) a little bit later in the presentation.   Now in this next slide, I am over into (00:09:23) page 9, you've seen these before, but it's worth highlighting that we are now strategically exposed to structural supply shortages on both sides of our business. And I think these two graphs depict that well. Commodity Insights is the source of both of these data, and we can see that looking at their analysis here, the high CV end of the market, you can see demand is expected to grow about 20% between 2024 and 2040, but supply is expected to fall by 33%. So that's going to do good things for our prices. Metallurgical coal represents a similar sort of dynamic here. And you can see that the metallurgical demand is expected to grow 22% over the same period and supply is expected to fall by 8% over the same period. So that's going to cause compression, which is going to underpin very good pricing for the future. It's not just Commodity Insights obviously forming these views, Wood Mackenzie views also consistent on the metallurgical coal market side of things. And as you can see here, this is obviously the market itself looks pretty consistent all the time, although growth occurs. But obviously, the big driver here is India. With India's demand expected to grow 110% up to 2050, Asia going to grow about 29% through that same period. Daunia and Blackwater obviously important resources playing in this market and as you've seen with the formation of joint venture, the validation of Blackwater's role in the metallurgical coal market, I think, is strongly endorsed by these important  Tier 1 (00:10:55) joint ventures wanting to secure their supply of these valuable products. Looking to the external market quickly, you can see there's a range of factors which we've called out here, playing into the external market dynamic. Demand for hard coking coal has been strong. India's demand grew, although in the current dynamics, it is a little bit softer based on the weather playing out there at the moment. Thermal markets have remained resilient through the whole market, and good pricing has been a familiar backdrop for the year as a whole, which is very positive. Supply and dynamics on both sides have been a little better in Australia, so good weather has allowed producers to do well in this period and external pricing has seen the PLV hard coking price average for the year at $287 per tonne, which is very positive. Platts  (00:11:41) was about 60% of that number, which is lower than the historical yield. But we've talked about that many times to understand that. gC NEWC, of course, across the year at $136 per tonne, was a good number obviously it's a little stronger at the moment with about $150 per tonne, which is very good. Now of course, it's not all about just good pricing and so on, the cost side of things has been buffeted by significant inflation, as everybody understands. And we can talk about that a little bit more when we get to the cost side of our things. And whilst we've talked that labor is more accessible for us, that labor costs are still high and then there is – we are calling out here, of course, the obvious regulatory impacts in terms of the inflationary impacts on our business and I'll just name a couple. Clearly the Safeguard Mechanism is part of it, Same Job Same Pay. The New South Wales' coal reservation policy, thankfully finished at 30 June and then high royalties across Queensland and now New South Wales as of the 1st of July. All that places some inflationary pressures on our business. So our task is to make sure that we can combat that through cost reductions and productivity across the business. The operational results, I'm not going to dwell on too much, because you saw them in the quarter. So let's go through these relatively quickly. ROM production, 24.5 million tonnes, as I mentioned before, is 34% up, 26% being Queensland, of course, and 8% increase in New South Wales. Managed sales volumes increased by 22% year-on-year. I'll just move across and talk to the various segments of our business now separately. New South Wales 19.7 million tonnes, year-on-year did well, the open cuts have performed strongly. Narrabr in total was less than where we wanted it, there was very positive turnaround and recovery in Q4. Maules Creek obviously finished up production and has transitioned into a rehabilitation site and we saw the first tonnes come out late in the year on time budget for Vickery. So a small contribution in FY 2024 and you'll see that ramp up in the new year. And just quickly on the size, Maules exceeded its guidance, did well,  we did turn off AHS (00:13:42) there obviously and it did exceeded its guidance, which was very positive. Mining has finished in the Southwest area now, so we are 100% in-pit dumping there. Narrabri, as I mentioned before, a tough year, but certainly a good turnaround in Q4 that continues into this year, which is very positive. Tarrawonga exceeded its ROM. Next year it is – well, this year, it is moving into that hill section Tarrawonga, so we are entering a hardship ratio here. So that does affect the amount of tonnes of ore come out of it in this particular year. Werris, as I say, exceeded its guidance but has closed and now moved into rehabilitation. I'll just  go just (00:14:19) very quickly, just on Vickery and as you can see, there's a real mine there on the picture in the slides there now. So that's been very positive. So it's more completion, i.e. 100,000 tonnes obviously in Q4. But this year we're expecting to be a replacement essentially, so Werris Creek tonnes in this year. The construction went very well on time, on budget and safely. So very pleased with that. And we have  all the (00:14:4) approvals in place to continue on with this  and the decision is (00:14:43) at the board's consideration, we can look at when is the right time to bring that on. But as we said, that has been off the table for, it will be two years from the time of the transaction. Focusing on Queensland. We've  add it (00:14:56) in the historic numbers for you which made up for context, but – and then we called out obviously the period of our ownership here in the  (00:15:05) numbers. But we had a safe and stable transition into our ownership, which is very pleasing. And the quarter, the first quarter under our control, was fantastic actually. So we've had very good results from Daunia 1.3 million tonnes and Blackwater 3.6 million tonnes. Performance looks pretty good, trending into this new year as well. So we're very pleased with that. So the quarter did actually from a Blackwater perspective, saw a couple of production records hit and we saw actually quite a few productivity improvements at Daunia as well, which is very encouraging and lays good foundation for this transition into the new year. Obviously with the bigger business Queensland in particular for this focus, does need a bolstered leadership framework to manage this adequately. So we had made some changes. And I'll just call this out briefly, Ian's role has been restructured and changed and he has taken on the role of our COO, which is very pleasing. And we put in place a regional general manager role, which Dan Iliffe has taken on the responsibility for both Queensland sites and also the ROC, the Remote Operating Centre in our Brisbane office. Reporting into Dan, you've got two general managers here now, Tod Mathews taking on Blackwater, Sean Milfull taking on Daunia, two very seasoned and experienced  (00:16:22) plenty of experience across all forms of mining in Queensland, and we're looking forward to seeing the benefit of their leadership on the sites, and very well known to many of the people in the Queensland market, very experienced people. So, I think that this team coming together will assist us in driving changes across the business. Obviously there's significant opportunities for realignment of this business, and we are transitioning the Queensland operations to a simpler, more Whitehaven-style operating model. And you were saying already last week or so, we've made some of that progress with some changes to workforce, with some 200 roles affected by that. But that role, that job will continue. And the team is very engaged in making sure that these sites are rebased in an appropriate way and at all times ensuring safe and reliable production. We are focusing on top another AUD 100 million worth of initiatives, which we are working independently of the guidance range that we give you. We'll speak to that a little bit later, but that's across a whole range of initiatives which we think there's very good opportunities here in Queensland to make sure we rebase the business as quickly as we can. And with that, I'll hand over to the Kevin for the financial results. Yeah. Thanks, Paul. FY 2024 was probably one of the more noisy sets of numbers that Whitehaven Coal has produced in the last decade. And so, let's take a little bit of time and go through it. We reported AUD 1.4 billion of underlying EBITDA. And you can see that on the top line there, transaction, transition costs and some other things related to Werris Creek accounted for about AUD 601 million of non-recurring costs. A large part of that was stamp duty. So that's about AUD 360 million that we expect to pay in the first half of FY 2025. And there was AUD 73 million of other transaction costs and about AUD 125 million of transition costs, which included building an IP system to replicate BMAs, so that we could pick these assets up and start them from 2nd of April. And we had a Queensland integration team that was involved in that as well. So, outside of stamp duty, the transaction and transition costs totaled about AUD 200 million on a pre-tax basis. In the remainder of the business, we had about AUD 31 million of non-recurring costs in relation to an inventory valuation uplift. So what that means is accounting standards require us to bring the inventory in at fair value, and that means no margin that you would expect to see  (00:18:55) doesn't emerge in the P&L. That is why that adjustment is made. And finally, when we closed Werris Creek, we had about AUD 11 million of in one-off closure costs around redundancies and putting the rehabilitation provision to the right place. After these significant items, EBITDA was AUD 798 million, so that's the statutory number. The DD&A was about AUD 319 million. And I think the brokers and the analysts of the world will want at some point further guidance on our DD&A and interest works. So, Paul has attached that in the back of this process, and we'll be having to take people through that. It is one of the bigger differences between  (00:19:35), but the impact becomes a little bit murky with all these transactions that are taking place in the next few years. We reported a statutory NPAT of AUD 355 million. But if you add back the significant items, the underlying NPAT was AUD 740 million. And as usual, the tax rate was about 30% on that. So you should continue to use that rate in your modelling. Coming down to the page I think on financial history, 2024 was a very good result of AUD 1.4 billion, but 2022 and 2023 were excellent results. So that were the years that pushed this business into the position to be able to provide increased returns to shareholders and diversify. So, very good two years. And if you go back 10 years, Whitehaven's three highest years of underlying earnings before the contribution of Queensland had been 2022, 2023, 2024. FY 2018 and 2019 were both very solid years, but they were about AUD 1.04 billion, and the next strongest year in 2019, the underlying NPAT was AUD 565 million compared with AUD 740 million in 2024. So  (00:20:45). I think structurally what we're telling you or what we see in the markets is that these power prices that we've been seeing for a number of years, between that  $120 and $150 (00:20:56) for thermal, seem to be sticky. So, and if you look at FY 2024, you can see the potential contribution from Queensland. We are excited by those two mines and very happy to see them in this table. Segment financial results on a revenue basis, Queensland, as Paul said, contributed AUD 869 million in Q4, with a total of AUD 3.8 billion in revenue and an underlying EBITDA of AUD 272 million to the AUD 1.4 billion total. It's a good start. There's plenty to do in Queensland and there's plenty to do with it. So we look forward to that. Coming now to the page, the sales mix and realizations, New South Wales reported equity coal sales for the year of 13.2 million with an average price of AUD 217 a tonne. Queensland reported 3.2 million tonnes of coal sales for the quarter, which as you know, was below expectation due to the transition-related rail path issues with Daunia, and it achieved an average realized price of AUD 271. I think you're going to need to see a few quarters of this play out to see the traditional run rate. So, product qualities and product mix. So just bear with us on that. Nevertheless, in Q4, hard coking coal and semi-hard coking coal sales achieved a price relative to the prime level on a coke and coal index of 81%, but the semi-soft PCI volumes were lower because of the Russian influence in the market. On a group basis for Q4, revenues were 59% from met coal and 41% from thermal. And without the rail-related issues at Daunia, we would have expected to see higher met coal revenues. Coming now to the page on the margins, it's healthy margins. At a group level, we realized an average cost of AUD 228, and a unit cost including Queensland of about AUD 120, before an average royalty of about AUD 24 a tonne. So you can see the margins that are coming out of this business. With the addition of Queensland Ops, in the last quarter, that unit cost increased, but the Queensland unit cost of production in Q4 was about AUD 147 a tonne. And in the first quarter of their ownership, the royalty rate in Queensland was about 15%, while in New South Wales the royalty rate was 8%. That has increased to about 10.6% from July. So the government is benefiting from the coal industry quite well. EBITDA margins, a little bit, you can see the FY 2023 margin, which was outstanding at AUD 303, not to be repeated as coal prices soften, but a very healthy margin of AUD 84 a tonne in FY 2024. And I'll be happy with margins that run around the 50%, with the coal price on a normalized basis. So let's go to the EBITDA bridge, no surprises. Almost AUD 4 billion in EBITDA in FY 2023, and as the coal price came off its highs, that took about AUD 2.7 billion off of the EBITDA, and you can see the AUD 138 million change in costs was really around 12.7 million tonnes, at about AUD 10 or AUD 11 a tonne, 12.7 million tonnes of sales in  (00:24:07). Queensland contributed AUD 272. Well, this is how we get to AUD 1.4 billion. I still I draw your attention to the fact that we pretty much are washing all of Maules Creek, Tarrawonga and Werris Creek, and that is helping to support costs, but it's also driving the revenue outcome that you see,  (00:24:23). Come now to the page to cash flows, you'll recall we held about AUD 2.7 billion of cash, but we knew we had to pay about AUD 800 million to AUD 900 million of tax. So really there was about AUD 1.9 million, AUD 1.8 million there that was unaccounted for. We generated AUD 1.3 billion in the period. And as I said, we paid the tax AUD 890 million from the previous year and about AUD 140 million for the current year. We spent AUD 496 million on expenditures and other acquisitions. We returned almost AUD 400 million to shareholders, and those repayments and others have just released payments. Before we spent AUD 3.3 billion by Daunia and Blackwater. Now clearly, as Paul said, we expect in the first quarter of calendar year 2025 to be receiving $1.080 billion and that's about $1.6 billion ROCE. So we're expecting to that net investment there is going to be very attractive. So we finished the year with net debt at about AUD 1.3 billion. And I'd just say, we look forward to the collection of the proceeds, the sale proceeds from Nippon Steel and JFE. Net debt and liquidity, we've got plenty of liquidity. If you look at this, at AUD 556 million of liquidity at 30 June, 2024, we've established a couple of other facilities post that period to add to that liquidity. And we're generating cash flow from the business every month. So, that strategic joint venture with Nippon Steel and JFE and the $1.08 billion, that will effectively turn us into a net cash position before we sell the first  (00:26:10) April next year. So I'd say, balance sheet in excellent shapes. Turn over the page, I think our capital allocation framework has delivered a really solid outcomes to shareholders into the business, it served us well as a disciplined process that says we keep the business going well, we've got the balance sheet in great shape and there's real tension between where we do we deploy capital and provide returns to shareholders. For now the buyback remains paused. Dividends are being determined based on the earnings from the New South Wales business. We've said in light of the acquisition that cash flows from the acquired business will be directed to retiring vendor finance first, and the decisions around major development expenditure will be on hold till the deferred payments are paid down. When we receive the $1.08 billion, the board will have the opportunity to review this capital allocation priorities and timing. And as Paul said, we'll look to the full year FY 2025 dividend to see where that goes. But overall, our final dividend of AUD 0.13 fully franked takes the full year FY 2024 dividend to AUD 0.20, which is pretty easy to remember, and that's about 22% of group underlying NPAT. So, we expect to continue a significant – we expect a significant step-up in capital returns when the deferred plans are made and surplus capital emerges from these expanded assets. So I'll hand it back to Paul from here. Thanks, Kevin. Turning over to the full-year guidance, in FY 2025, of course, everybody will understand that we're focused on continuing to integrate the Queensland assets and setting up a robust base against which we can deliver strong results and sustainable outcomes. We have deliberately taken a measured approach to guidance with these new assets as you would imagine, being the first year of our ownership and having had them down for nearly five months. I think we all want to ensure that this year ends well. And to that end, you will understand that we've taken a level of conservatism, and that has been prudently applied in the construct of our guidance for this year. We expect to produce 35 million to 39.5 million tonnes of ROM production for the year and to deliver a range of 28 million to 31.5 million tonnes of managed coal sales. We believe this is very achievable. Queensland ROM production reflects focus on increasing the blasted inventories and pre-strip inventories to optimize operations, and to set a base for improved performance of Blackwater and deliver ongoing AHS productivity at Daunia. These overall ROM production reflects the closure of Werris, of course, and the rank of the Vickery mining.  (00:29:04) we're heading through the hill there  (00:29:06) and we have allocated an eight-week  (00:29:12) by informing our guidance for this year, that will be in January 2025. The reason why it's eight weeks longer than normal is we do have some drops that we want to bring to  (00:29:24) downstairs. So we will bring them up to the surface,  (00:29:27). We expect coal costs to be in the range on a group basis from AUD 140 to AUD 155 per tonne. Certainly reflects the underlying labor cost increases continuing as  (00:29:41) rolled out across the business. The Queensland cost base obviously represents lots of opportunities to improve.  (00:29:50) some of that already. You will see us continue to do that as we move through the course of this year. The capital guidance there at AUD 450 million to AUD 550 million I think is pretty judiciously configured. We have pulled out the microscope and had a good look at that across the business. And so I think given the scale of change of the business, that is a pretty responsible way to configure our first year of ownership of the broader business, Queensland will be accounting for about 40% of that, New South Wales 60% of the CapEx for FY 2025. And in closing, just coming to our focus for the year, predictably, so we described we wanted to see obviously the first year of expanded business do that well. So – and we're very much focused on sustainable operational performance year-to-year and an improved cost management across the entire business. In New South Wales, our efforts will be directed to consistent and reliable operations at Narrabri as well as our open cut operations and ramping up early mining at Vickery. In Queensland, we want to set a strong foundation in FY 2025 and we know we can deliver significant value not just in this year, but in the years to come, and it's all about setting that up for the future. So, further alignment, both Daunia and Blackwater will be the focus to Whitehaven's simplified operating model, and as I mentioned just briefly, rebuilding blasted inventories and pre-strip at Blackwater will certainly be a point of focus as will be further productivity gains at Daunia  (00:31:22). And of course, overall, as I mentioned earlier, there is a AUD 100 million bucket of cost initiatives that we're looking at in Queensland. And our target is to rebase the run rate, of course, at the end of the year by that measure. So just to be clear, not delivered within the year in terms of those days, but rebase the run rate, of course, by the time we get to 30 June. And of course, we want to see the terrific trajectory of safety performance going across the entire business and also the environmental compliance that you've seen in more recent years. We are obviously focused on completing the sell-down, very exciting transaction that is. And as we said, we expect that complete our two separate transactions, so they can complete at different times. We hope that's at around the same time, but we think that will be in the first quarter of calendar 2025 when the completion occurs and the cash will be in the bank, terrific result as that is. And to that end, I'd like to thank all our people who've worked tirelessly during the last year or two actually to transform the business into what it is today and to our board for the steadfast support to be able to navigate our way through this transitional two-year period. It's very satisfying to see the business on a steady footing and de-risked as we chart our course into the future. So thank you all for your support. And I particularly thank our shareholders for their ongoing support during this period of change for us. So with that, I'll hand over to the operator. We'll get Q&A going. Thank you. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you sell-side analysts.  Your first question comes from Rahul Anand with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi, Paul, Kevin and Ian, congratulations on the deal. Look, my first question is perhaps focused a bit on the unit cost going into next year. So, if I look at FY 2024 and I back out what Queensland did in terms of your actuals, I arrived at about AUD 164, AUD 165 per tonne. And if I look at FY 2025 and I try to hold Queensland at about that level, it would imply that your NSW costs have gone higher to about AUD 130 a tonne from about AUD 115. So I guess what I'm trying to get at is, is there a mix shift here in unit NSW production guidance numbers? Is it more coming from Maules versus Narrabri? I mean, what's driving this cost increase into next year or has Queensland cost actually gone up significantly into next year? So that's the first one and I'll come back with a second. Thanks. Yeah, thanks, Rahul. I'm going to try and answer some of that and I'll hand over to Ken  (00:34:30). Couple of the numbers there you've implied  (00:34:35-00:34:43) that's a reasonable proposition. We've certainly got low volumes in New South Wales that we would otherwise, like we've taken a relatively conservative position there. Of course you're going to have less  (00:34:54-00:35:00). Werris Creek obviously is broadly replaced by Vickery. So that's relatively neat. No particular change there volumetric which are there, but so say we're continuing to work through the inflationary impacts  (00:35:16) business. So we've got that rolling through. But, look, our volumes overall in New South Wales does lead to a higher cost per tonne as a result of take-or-pay absorption across the times that actually produced and then  (00:35:28). Queensland, we have taken a conservative position there. I think that definitely influences this. Yeah, we've only had the business there for five months, and we had to scramble pretty quickly to put a budget together, which I think the team has done an admirable job on. And given that I suspect that budgetary processes occurred at various levels above the mine site level, whereas obviously our approach is to do that for the mine site level forward. So we have taken a conservative position there. We want to make sure this all goes well. We think there is upside, as I say, in the costs. We have given a relatively wide range on costs, as you noted. So, AUD 15 spread across that is wide. But again, it's really just the fact that we want to take a relatively prudent course in this first year of ownership, which we're going to make sure that goes well. Obviously, we called out separately on top of that, the AUD 100 million initiative, on top of the bucket of savings that we're looking across various initiatives in Queensland and you've seen as – you've seen us already addressing some of the elements of the cost base in Queensland, with restructure we embarked on last week. Those ones  (00:36:44) where the AUD 100 million is on top of, just to be clear. Do you want to add anything there, Kevin? Yeah, no,  (00:36:55) I'm going to say to you that I think there is a mix change. Yeah. There's definitely a mix change because Werris Creek tonnes come out, there's a 100% yield there,  (00:37:05), they're going to be replaced by a high-quality product called Vickery. But Vickery is, the way I think about Vickery is that it's simply  (00:37:13) that's being developed for future mine. Unfortunately, accounting standards requirement to push the costs of Vickery through the unit costs. So that's contributing to this. We've got early days in safeguards mechanism at Narrabri, so we've got an estimate in there for what that might cost us and we're obviously working hard to work our way through that whole process. So that is coming in. But you would have seen us unwind some stocks that  (00:37:41) longer last year and that contributed to sales volumes. Those sales volumes are being used around this year to come through in user take or pay. So, there is a volume impact that in the long run gets solved by bigger Vickery  (00:37:54) the future and by  (00:37:57) production. So there are... Got it. Now that's very clear. Yeah. That's very clear. Thanks. Just a quick follow-up there before I move on to the second one. You've also talked about NSW still being circa 90% of your development spend. I guess, within that, you've got Narrabri, Longwall 203 now going to FY 2025. So, I mean, at what point do you actually decide whether this development CapEx now starts going into the bigger Vickery or to Narrabri Southern ops, considering that 90% development spend going there. Yeah. Rahul, I'm not sure where the 90% comes from. Queensland is 40% of the CapEx guidance, New South Wales is 60%. Got it. I might have got that wrong. I can follow that up offline. No. I see, you're referring to the subset for development CapEx only. The number I gave you... That's correct. I was talking about development specifically. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, got it. Yeah. Look, Narrabri, obviously there's an area obviously transitioning between stage two, if I can call that, the 200 pounds and the 300 pounds, the CapEx for 300 stage three, which we are hoping for imminent approval, given that the activists application to seek leave to the federal civil court has been dismissed. The ball firmly sits in the hands of federal minister now to approve that. But we have curtailed, we had to curtail the CapEx spend on stage 3 capital and push that out. But there is still bunch of work which needs to be done, obviously, in the 200 pounds and that's where we're currently mining 203. And so, that work is required to continue until we have some clarity on stage 3 full approval, the EPBC approval, we'll continue to be prudently pushing the capital out for as far as we can responsibly do so. Got it. Okay. All right, final question, just around your balance sheet, Kevin, you did mention it briefly in your introductory comments, the board will have a strong position early next year if the deal goes ahead as expected, and you'd probably be in a net cash position. If we assume that it has gone ahead and you are in a net cash position, I guess two questions that come to investors' minds are obviously how to think about that 20% to 50% EPS range and if you think that's still relevant for the business going forward. And then secondly, you have previously said that the Anglo deal is something that you're not going to look at, does that change your views on that side of the equation as well? I'm going to let Paul to answer the Anglo deal, because I think that's a long sentence... It's a simple one, no. And then the second one, if you have a look at the slides that Kylie has inserted in the back there on guidance, you'll see that there is an awful lot of non-cash charges come through. So, I think the 20% to 50%, we'll consider as we go through the process. But I do think as we expect to settle this in the first quarter next year, that the board will have a good look at one of the competing uses for capital? And given that we've had a – we've been at the lower end of distributions to shareholders, I'll not be surprised if they actually looked upon that in a way that said that recognize the support shareholders provided. But I don't think I'm saying anything  (00:41:34). No, I think, I've just been told that we've got quite a few people on that question queue role, so we're going to have to hand the mantle over to somebody else and keep it relatively brief... Absolutely. ...we've got 15 minutes remaining. Okay, that's very clear. Thank you, Chief. The next question comes from Adam Martin with E&P. Please go ahead. Yeah, good morning, Paul, Kevin, just, like, a similar sort of follow-up question there. I mean, you've obviously got this net debt to EBIT target range 0.5x to 1.5x. You'll be sort of at the lower end, maybe even below it. So where do you think you're going to sort of once this deal is complete, will you look to sort of guide  (00:42:09) cash position or do you think you're going to stick between that 0.5x to 1.5x and potentially give better returns over the next couple of years around dividend? Yeah,  (00:42:20) I'm happy to say I've got no plans to retire the debt. Yeah. So, we've re-levered the balance sheet modestly. As a result of this process, we always we believe that the balance sheet and the business should maintain a level of debt that's modest, and that's what those credit ratios say. So, I would suggest you should not model the retirement of the debt as your base case at all. Does that make sense? Okay. Well,  (00:42:51) Just back on the calls, can you give a bit more of a split between New South Wales and Queensland? You sort of mentioned in the April pack that you'd give us a split. Can you give us the split? I think we have taken the view that  (00:43:06) risk management on a group basis and to dive into more detail in that regard is not going to be particularly useful given that you don't make profits out of one or the other, you make profits out of the business. And so, we're going to stick with this and simplify your life by just giving you one cost. Okay. Very good. Now that's all for me. Thank you. Your next question comes from Paul Young with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Good morning, Paul and Kevin. First one on the Blackwater sell down. Kevin, I think you mentioned that there's  (00:43:41) management fee associated with it, correct me there. But also on the other side is there – with the offtake, is there any impact on pricing to benchmark i.e. is there a great discount to any type of index being  (00:43:56) et cetera? Yeah, Paul, that's correct, you've got it on the management fee  (00:44:01). That's value enhancing on the metrics of the deal. And of course the cash flow, until the final completion, we give 100% of that as well. So that takes I think the metrics on the return on Blackwater from our perspective. Even  (00:44:20)... Sorry, yeah, yeah. Sorry, Kevin, on... On the offtake? Yeah. Yeah. No, no, you should be modeling what we told you. There's a customary market arrangements with long-term offtake, long-term customers have been taking this product for decades. So... Right. Okay. So...   (00:44:42) To put it in my language, there's no cross-subsidization between future earnings and purchase price. Price, okay. Okay. Thanks. And then, maybe back into cost, Paul. I mean, I think you were using in the presentation, harmonizing Queensland, New South Wales. Interested in what that would actually mean, is that just sort of interesting Whitehaven culture and to some extend your thoughts there. But just more broadly around the opportunities and the cost out. So you've said, 200 people leaving the business. You've also got additional savings of AUD 100 million per annum by the end of FY 2025. Where are these opportunities? Are we talking around tech services? Are we talking  (00:45:28)? Are we're talking about removing truck fleets? Can you provide a bit more information about the cost-out opportunity across Blackwater and Daunia? Thanks. Yeah, yeah. Thanks, Paul. Just quickly, so, look, we just want a simpler operating model than what these two mines have been used to been running under, not to say better or worse or whatever it is, but from our perspective, there certainly is a more complex model. We want to streamline it. Part of the head count reductions which you've seen is part of that. There'll be further additions to that going forward. And, but we do, look, obviously, we don't have the complexity of the operating services model, obviously, which – but we do take all the people on originally to have a look at what's really going on there, that was just part of the deal. Ian is obviously focused on a whole range of initiatives on an operational sense. So  (00:46:16) cover off some of the headline items that  we're tackling (00:46:19). Yeah. Thanks, Paul. So just to give you a little bit of color,  (00:46:24) maintenance would be one of them. Traditionally that's been done on a sort of calendar basis. What you're going to look at performance management and extending the life of components, there's a balance to, I guess, capital replacement, what we're going to look at there, just the whole equipment rationalization based on productivities and fleets. We've got the  (00:46:46) and also a look at the suitability with some of the existing equipment and looking to optimize there. When you look at all the sort of the contracts we inherited, those are in the short period we had to stand up. We basically took on board sort of what was there. But there's no doubt that there's room to work through those and rationalize some of those arrangements, but probably in number and value, in and around sort of – and just sort of a byproduct of the people's space, the whole, what I'd call, logistics accommodation plans and all of that area. Again, we basically stood out what was in place and duplicated that, and there's a whole lot of room for some improvement there. Paul touched on continuing to look at, I guess, structure and optimizing structures that never goes away. I mean, that is in both businesses, Queensland and New South Wales. And maybe one of the other ones is, is in the explosive space. We changed, I think, we've made you aware earlier on we changed at Blackwater the explosives supplier. That transition is going well.  (00:47:55) area are up. But as far as sort of technical expertise to get in there and start  (00:48:00) some of the new products electronic detonation, timing and all the rest of it, there are a number of sort of opportunities there to save money, so maybe that's a bit of a look at the laundry list that we're tackling. Yeah. That's good. Thanks, and appreciate that. Thanks, gents. So that's it for me. Your next question comes from Daniel Roden with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Hi, good morning, guys and thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to understand the  (00:48:30) Blackwater, the $1.08 billion, and what I guess cost and tax implications you're expecting in FY 2025? Cost impacts?   (00:48:44) tax impact. Well, the short answer for that is that there is about a – there'll be a tax, the net proceeds will be down by about $100 million. So the $1.08 billion is about $100 million tax bill attached to it. Got it. And just concerning regulatory processes  (00:49:06-00:49:14) It's the customary approvals and FIRB is one of them and the other one will be some competition authorities in some other jurisdictions. But we think that's a three to five month process, FIRB probably three to four. And the competition depends on who you talk to and how it goes and where you have to go, but typically done within three to five months. But nothing controversial in any of that? No. You look at what  (00:49:37) India, Japan, Korea and a few others. Okay. That's perfect. And, maybe just, I guess concerning how I've interpreted, when that transaction does close and let's assume it's around the March quarter of 2025, there will be an update on the capital management, I guess, policies and figuring out what's going to happen with the additional free cash generated by the business kind of post that period. Is that understanding generally aligns with what you've said? Yeah, Dan, look, I think, we'll settle the transaction. And then we'll look at the run rate for the balance of the year. And I think as we've highlighted there, the board will have an opportunity to review for the final dividend, the settings, the buyback is still on course, just to be clear for everybody, but the board will certainly have the option to look at the final dividend and whether or not that – the payout ratio that you've seen is declared now, little bit above the bottom of that guidance, so 20% to 50% of the thermal business, I think there'll be an opportunity for the board to revisit that and look at where they want to calibrate that going forward based. But it will be the year-end rather than at in March or something earlier, depending on when the settlement of the transaction occurs. So if we're wanting to see the run rate of the business for the full year. Yeah, crystal clear, thank you. And I'll pass it on. Thanks. Your next question comes from Rob Stein with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hi, guys. Just two quick ones. The offtake, is it 30% or does it extend to a materially greater source of volume to Blackwater? Yeah, look, the offtakes are consistent with their performance generally. For historical, they've been big consumers of the product and obviously that's driving the attraction for them to come in and take the equity slice. There is the opportunity to scale up and down there. But the key point here is these are both important and material consumers of both products the semi-hard and the semi-soft out of Blackwater. And it's obviously important enough to the business that they want to put serious money to work here to ensure that they have consistency of supply over time. So, is that a 50% offtake? Is that 60% of the production under offtake?  (00:52:06) sort of think through that? But don't think we're going to tell you that. Yeah. So, the only thing I would probably get you to do is because we don't just disclose  commercial and confidential (00:52:16) contracts with customers. But I think, I'd encourage you to go and have a look at the Nippon Steel and the JFE announcements to their own market. It'll give you an insight into why they wanted a stake in this business, really informative slides. No problems. And then just final question. The up-cost build looks working capital in nature, especially in the Queensland assets. Are we expecting that to revert back to a set number across FY 2026, FY 2027? I now we're expecting, once you've built the  (00:52:51) that production is going to revert  up to that guide, right, (00:52:55) as disclosed at the time of the transaction. Yeah. Look, I think we're still satisfied that the five year averages that we've given you, we're happy with those. And the physical – and the pathway to those physical outcomes and the costs related to them we feel comfortable with. Obviously, we've just been through a committee process and we've shared our views on that with our incoming joint venture partners. And they've also satisfied themselves in the same way. So, yes,  Werris (00:53:23) we have highlighted and the Blackwater in particular for build in image blasted ground and also pre-strip inventories ahead of dragline utilization to make sure those draglines can come at all times. And then, of course, Daunia is all about efficiency of the AHS system. But yeah, there will be a build-up on those inventories to sustainable levels, then should moderate as you settle into a more rhythmic basis of stripping. Yeah. Terrific. Thank you. I'll pass it on. Your next question comes from  Jon Scholtz with CLSA (00:53:55). Please go ahead. Yeah. Good morning, Paul, Kevin and team. Congratulations on the sell-down. I'm sure it's been a busy time. Just another question on unit cost, with more to do with this new legislation, Same Work, Same Pay. I know you briefly called it out, but I'm hearing from key contacts, particularly from the coal mining industry, that it's having a much more dramatic impact than most people probably realize. Can you just discuss how much affect it's having on the unit costs? And I'm also interested to know if there are any other unintended consequences that you're seeing other than, of course, pushing up the unit costs? Yeah, the specter of Same Job Same Pay affects each producer differently, depending on their configuration of labor hire to own workforce. And obviously when we took over the Queensland assets in particular, we obviously collapsed the labor hire component of that into our workforce. So it's not to say that no contract is there, it's just to say that the operating services environment doesn't exist in our ownership as it did before. And so there is an inflationary impact generally of converting labor hire across to our own people. And that is that will be evident in New South Wales as it would be in Queensland. So we're not quoting numbers in terms of that, but we are at the very early stages of this and so let's see how that settles across the year. We have noted a couple of forays of these negotiations have already taken place within the industry, not with particularly favorable outcomes, I have to say, from a cost perspective. So we are watching that very closely to see where that goes. We do have our own exposure in New South Wales to a collective bargaining case which Narrabri has been drawn into. So we're watching that very closely to ensure that we can minimize any inflationary impacts from that collective bargaining claim. Okay. Thanks. And just to follow up, are there any other unintended consequences of that that you're seeing? No. No, I wouldn't say. No I mean, as I mentioned before, labor availability is better. And so – and -... Yeah. ...and you see us obviously addressing some of that in Queensland already and we'll continue to work on during the course of this year. So but we do expect if labor is more available then inflationary aspects of labor should actually come down, I've called this out before we are not seeing that yet and although it should come in time and we're not the only ones thinking about the efficiency of the operations in the sector and we know there's been some changes announced from other producers in Queensland in particular. And so that should assist in the moderation of inflation, the labor component of that business. But as I say, we're just not seeing it yet. Okay, thanks. And my second question is just on the Cut and Flit at Narrabri, will you continue this indefinitely? I assume there's a certain price that you would stop this operation. There's little doubt that it's increasing unit costs. And I would imagine it's taking focus away from the moneymaker, which is the long haul. Just, I'd like to know the strategic perspective, is it due to reducing risk for take or pay, just interested in your thoughts there. Yeah. I'll jump in there. So, look, I mean, we've got an area at Narrabri that is appropriate to mine Cut and Flit. It's not suitable for long haul. So we will continue to do Cut and Flit wherever it's providing, I guess, a positive outcome. And I don't foresee that changing anytime in the near future. And we actually have a number of other areas of potential areas around Narrabri that could become Cut and Flit and they will be part of the body of work we've got going forward. So and yes, you're correct, it does assist with the table pay, but that's not the only driver in that obvious decision making process. And yeah, I mean, we've had it in there for a period of time. And I guess, say over the last six months, we really started to see hitting good, steady delivery results. So we're pleased with it and we'll continue to keep going for the foreseeable future with Cut and Flit. Okay. Great. I understand that you can't  take long to win (00:58:38) it makes sense. Thanks. I'll pass it on. The next question comes from Lachlan Shaw with UBS. Please go ahead. Yeah. Morning, Paul and team. Take your time. Just a quick one with Blackwater and the blasted inventory and pre-strip catch-up. Can you help us sort of a bit more insight around how much of OpEx guidance is accounted there? And secondly, how long is that whole process expected to play out there? Yeah. I'll jump into how long it's going to take. I mean we've already rent that up and progressing and the good aspect is that pre-strip  (00:59:20) really well, too. So we're trying to get that in advances, it's a good problem to have. They're chasing us. But we've got the resources out there. We've got the new team. So it's probably – it's going to continue to grow to. To get to where we want it to be is probably at least 12, but maybe 18 months and then that should stay in a sort of steady state. Yeah. Let me – as Ian saying that the performance has stepped up, and so it's sort of chasing us down. So as we've stepped up pre-strip the actual production has stepped up as well. So, the dragline is working better. And then, but we are – we do have – you may recall that we've taken the decision to bring a bit more stripping capacity on to site. And so, the first of those large excavators is on site now and being assembled. And so, we are not at the full enhanced stripping capacity on site yet. So the commissioning process, the build and commissioning process will go on still for a couple of months and then we will have that capacity on the ground first the trucks to be able to get further ahead. So, yeah. Nice to see us making better strides to strip more efficiently and greater volumes. But in actuality, the draglines are chasing the pre-strip fleet down, which is not a good problem to have. And then just in terms of the cost, I mean, is there way to think about that just kind of the additional cost of resetting that sort of falls back into the cost savings you might find elsewhere at the asset. Is that the right way to think about it? Well, I think you're always going to blast the inventory, it's probably a  (01:01:01) coming, which is I would have said the number of like  what will be doubled if 20 million to 30 million meters of drill to that (01:01:11), that we need to push some volume too. Yeah. So we're targeting to have sort of that 50 million meters of  (01:01:16) ahead of us. Yeah. And maintain that. And maintain, yeah. And maintain that consistently. Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And then just quickly, second question, just on the met coal market, coming out of monsoon in India, we're all looking for the buyers that have come back. There's some interesting tax changes going on with the steel mills there. I mean, what are your team telling you  (01:01:43) just above AUD 200? What are you hearing from the market and what's the view going into end of year and next year? Thanks. Yeah. It's – look,  we're doing (01:01:54) the same thing, obviously, with Indian buying a relatively subdued at the moment. I think there's a bit of sentiment, negative sentiment, I think generally for the Asian market. But we are seeing inquiries out of India coming in now. So that is a change as we expect to see. So as they emerge from this period, we see them getting – we want to see them getting more active in the market and we are seeing it. So that's nice and inbound inquiries starting to kick up, so that gives you some comfort that you're going to see some buying activity which will part the market. Of course we'd like to see greater than AUD 200, AUD 205. We'd like to see that, of course. But we're here for the long haul and the focus will be to make sure that we rebase the business as cost, ensure that the margins are the healthy as possible and resilient through a cycle. Not just when things are good. We're also lucky that... Great. That's helpful. ...all the stories that you see  (01:02:51) Indian growth, they're real. When that place is growing 6% to 8% and that demand is going to grow. It's just slow moving. That's great. Thank you. I'll pass it on. Your next question comes from Chen Jiang with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Good morning Paul, and Kevin, congrats on the Blackwater sale. A lot of production and the cost questions got to ask. Maybe if I can have two questions on the Queensland coal. It's been I guess five months since you acquired Blackwater and Daunia. I'm wondering for – I had a look at your management change, you had a new General Manager from Blackwater and Daunia and also, I think you made around 200 people redundant from Daunia recently. I'm wondering, is there any other – is there any extra capacity or room to streamline Daunia and Blackwater and also that AUD 100 million per annum of the costs sale? Is that included in FY 2025 cost guidance already? Thank you. Yeah. Thanks, Chen. Look the Queensland operations came as they were. And so, there is lots of opportunity there for improvement of the assets and the teams on the ground are doing a very good job in that regard. Yes, we have good new leadership in both sides. One of the sides came the GM, who's there before chose to move on to do other things and so, those  were logical (01:04:45) replacement. There we have two excellent acting people there and taking carriage of the assets until we transitioned in. But now, we've got the stronger teams there and they are doing a very good job in functioning the operations. So, the opportunities are significant at both sides. And the challenge here is to just to make sure we prioritize – reprioritize ourselves here and focus on the big things that matter. The  (01:05:14) start with last week they are beginning. There is further opportunities for streamlining and improvement going forward. So, you'll see us during the course of the year address that. To your question about the AUD 100 million that is outside the guidance. So that is in addition to. So, better volume, lower cost, that's the way the guidance works for sure. But AUD 100 million on top of it is outside of that. Right. Thanks. So it's outside of guidance and that can you implement that from FY 2025 or we have to wait until you've done press briefing? And then because your Queensland coal as well as New South West coal are the only cost bases in FY 2025. You guided higher than FY 2024. I guess for Queensland that's due to pre-stripping, but for New South Wales, I guess you mentioned lower movement and lower volume. I'm just wondering how did – the benefits coming from that beyond FY 2025? Yeah, that was a long a long dissertation there Chen. So I think what you are looking for is, we need to get obviously in Queensland, and particularly in Blackwater, to the  (01:06:26) of the volumes of inventory that we want. We're ought to run those seven draglines harder. And that will result in – well that will result in more coal being produced. And so getting to a stable level of inventories to allow those draglines to be deployed without delay to new areas is our objective here. Daunia is very different. Daunia is all about productivity. It is an established commercial AHS operation. And so we do need to work on that, it's not where we would like it to be, but they have made very good progress in particular Q4 also gave us indications of encouragement there. But both of those sites will be subject to further review to reduce costs in the business. But as Ian said the build in inventories will take – well, certainly it won't be done within 12 months, it's more like 18 months for sure. So once that is done, you should see the volume start to improve outside of that period. Sure. Sure, understand. So around 12 to 18 months integration and all the work. Yeah, sure understand. May I have another follow-up just on the Queensland coal? Are you – is that part of your plan to change your – I guess, your marketing strategy, including the mix of how you sell the met coal product versus BHP's time? Thank you. I'm not sure what change you're referring to there, Chen. So no, we have not...   (01:07:58) Like a customer base. Sorry. Yeah, I'll apologize. Just like a customer base. I know you have very good relationship with the Japanese mills, but I guess India is where the incremental met coal demand coming from. I don't have details on how the Blackwater or Daunia customers like versus BHP's time. I'm just wondering if you have anything under your plan to change how BHP used to operate, but from the marketing or customer or even coal mix perspective? Yeah. I think we just need to keep these questions relatively succinct if we could Chen. Whatever BHP did from their marketing perspective is a matter for them. We have good relationships in these markets. We have established an office, a representative office in India. And so, as you rightly pointed out, that significant upside from a met coal demand perspective and will we continue to leverage that? We know a lot of the players there already having sold semi-soft and PCI out to that market for many years and we'll be continuing to focus on that. But we will be running the marketing and logistics component of our business the way Whitehaven does it, as opposed to whatever may have happened in the past. I think we're running out of time, are we? We've got one more question. So can I just ask that next question to come on, ask that question, if I could be, succinctly, that would be great. Thank you. Your final question is from Glyn Lawcock with Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Hey Paul. I'll try and be succinct. So look just quickly talking around the way your peers in Queensland and they talk about the below rail being an issue. Yeah. The system is running about 12% below what it did at its peak five years ago. Yeah. Can you just maybe talk a bit about how things travelling for you? You had some issues in Q4, so are you comfortable that below rail con actually step up and then just any weather because it's been quite above average rainfall the last few weeks. Thanks. Yeah, thanks, Glyn. That is a good question. So I'm surprised you didn't come up earlier. As we commented before, we had suffered in that first quarter of not receiving the pathways necessary to move the sales tonnes we would have preferred in the first quarter. Obviously, we've elevated that significantly with the incumbent, but we've also brought in an additional provider there to help us out provide further pathways. Since that time we have – we are clawing back actually some of the lost ground which has been pretty positive. And so this quarter is looking much, much better and so credit to all those parties, the incumbent and others involved, that is improving. So you're quite right, though, that everybody is complaining about the same thing in the system itself. Our issue was more of a situational issue where extracting Daunia out of the centrally managed BMA contract caused a bit of a glitch in the allocation of pathways in the internals of  (01:10:55) networks, but that is being addressed. So I appreciate the change there. I think you've got to be actively managing this going forward. So we've got to be on our game here. The Daunia is a relatively small piece of the puzzle in that system and so we've got to be on our toes to make sure we're always getting our share of the pathways – or our contractual share of the pathways that we are paying for. The challenge here, as you know, is the system does require maintenance and there is a tricky balance there  (01:11:25) has been in the past, if you pay us more for maintenance, we can provide more pathways. That is not an unfamiliar proposition for any regulated asset. So we just got to make sure that we are getting all the pathways that  (01:11:44) but we are recovering  revenue (01:11:42) in this quarter, which is very positive. And Glyn, I mean, I'm assuming everyone understands this, but obviously that discussion is in and around Daunia. I mean, Blackwater in that rail chain  (01:11:53) plenty of capacity  (01:11:56) So, we don't foresee there some challenge out of Blackwater  (01:12:01). And any weather impacts from the rain we've had above average? Look, yeah, this month, there was a little bit of rain in and around. But we've kicked off July really well and we're not seeing any overall challenges for Q1 pulling out of that. So no. All right. Thanks very much. Thanks, Glyn. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now hand back to Mr. Flynn for closing remarks. Yeah. Thanks very much, everybody. Appreciate you taking the time. We spent a lot – I know we sent you a lot of documentation this morning on this excellent joint venture formation opportunity and the results for the year. I know there'll be lots more questions, but we'll see many of you over the course of the next week or two. But if you have any questions, you know where to find us, we look forward to engaging on all the aspects of what we've been asked as well. Thank you. 
            