
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Woolworths Group Limited FY 2024 Full Year Earnings Announcement. All participants are in a listen-only mode.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Brad Banducci, Managing Director and CEO of Woolworths Group. Please go ahead. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Woolworths Group's full year results for the 2024 financial year. Joining me for today's presentation are Stephen Harrison, our CFO who will present our financial results a little later; and CEO-elect, Amanda Bardwell, who will be presenting with me on today's call. Also joining us in the room are: Spencer Sonn, Managing Director of Woolworths New Zealand; Von Ingram, Managing Director of W Living; Dan Hake – a new father, congratulations, Dan,  (00:00:59) Managing Director of BIG W, and thank you for coming in; Guy Brent, Managing Director of the Woolies Food Company; and Paul Harker, our Chief Commercial Officer for Australia Food. In the spirit of always pushing forward, we'll try new a thing and actually talk to the slide to the right sequence. So I'll call up the slide and then give you the highlights on it as we go through our investor presentation. Starting on page 2, I would like to acknowledge the traditional custodians of the land in which we meet today, the Gadigal people of the Eora land, and I'd like to pay my respects to elders past and present. And then moving on to talking about performance. I'll start with an overview of the group's performance and our progress on our strategic agenda. Amanda will then provide an update on our digital loyalty and eCommerce achievement as part of her WooliesX portfolio. And then Steve will talk to the financials, and he'll come back to me to cover current trade and volume by Amanda to finish with some of her observations and priorities and look forward. On slide 4 is really a summary of the year that was. And I think, as you all know, the group's full year financial performance reflects a very challenging operating environment impacted by elevated cost of living pressures and a highly competitive market. After a strong H1, we experienced a rapid change in customer expectations in Q3, which led to a loss of sales momentum and a decline  (00:02:30). We worked hard in Q4 to address the areas most important to our customers with value for money and shelf availability a particular focus. Pleasingly, our customer scores and underlying trading momentum improved in Q4 and this has continued into F 2025. Group normalized sales increased 3.7% for the year, with around half of the group sales growth driven by eCommerce sales, which increased by 18.5%. Normalized EBIT before significant items increased 1.1% with the group EBIT margin of 4.7%. In Australian Food, normalized sales increased 3.7% and EBIT increased 6%, with about three-quarters of Australian EBIT growth attributable to the positive improvements in WooliesX. New Zealand Food and BIG W both had a challenging year impacted by value-conscious customers and a highly competitive market. Importantly, both businesses made good progress on their transformation plan, but there remains more to do. On slide 5, just given a recap on how we see the customer at the moment, and as again you would all know, the persistent cost of living pressures came to a head for our customers during the year, with customer behaviors catching up with customer sentiments which have been prevalent for some time. We've sort of seen the customer talking about stress but not acting on it, and that certainly changed particularly in the second half. Customers tell us they've been finding more ways to save such as cutting back on non-essential items, cross-shopping retailers, and reducing eating out occasions. Buying more of special has seen a significant increase on last year. This is ongoing mortgage and rent led financial stress continues to put real pressure on household budgets, especially for younger singles, couples, and families. Let's get into a little bit more into the detail on slide 6. While cost of living pressures persist, customers spend on groceries as a percentage of household spend is declining. This is in part due to the significant moderation in grocery inflation, with our average prices declining on the prior year in both Q3 and Q4. And then we also began to track a typical Woolies trolley, which includes 32 key household items, which is down around 1% compared to a year ago. We went back for the customer to have a score – our voice of customer scores reflect the customer experience during year, with group VOC NPS of 47, down 1% on the prior year, and reflecting the particularly challenging environment in late Q2 and Q3. However, thanks to the efforts of our team, store-controllable VOC scores were resilient, with customer care scores remaining about 80% across the group and largely unchanged from prior period. In addition, our strong focus on improving shelf availability and addressing value for money perception led improvements in Q4 relative to Q3; but, as always, with more to do. On slide 8 shows really based on the profile by half and even by quarter for Australian Food in F 2024. We often talk to things being the story of two halves really for us for three or four quarters. Sales growth slowed significantly in H2 as you can see from low inflation item growth, and that was particularly true in Q3. However, we worked hard to focus on getting things right for our customers and, pleasingly, saw modest but very importantly consistent recovery in Q4, led by item growth, which we have seen continue into F 2025 and which, of course, we need to continue to build on. Moving to slide 9, just gives you a sense of how we are thinking about how can our customers find value, feel valued, and connect value. We need to do a better job of communicating the great prices, especially to our customers across the shop. And we have made a number of adjustments in that regard, including making up price tickets and unit prices easier to read, continuing to prove our own brand range and tailor our range in each one of our stores. This week's launch of Lower Shelf Price includes a price reduction on many household essentials by as much as 20%, providing customers with yet another way to get more from the Woolies shop. Persistently good shopping experiences means getting the fundamentals right, and we have made good progress in addressing shelf availability in the second half through a combination of increasing stock weight of key lines and improving fresh service levels. Finally, we made it easier for our – we're making or had made it easy for our customers to connect value across the group by improving our online and digital experiences. And I won't steal Amanda's thunder. I'll let her talk to that a little later. I'm actually tempted to steal her thunder but  (00:07:40). On slide 10, I wanted to provide a brief update on Woolworths New Zealand and BIG W. We made good progress on the transformation plans across the year in both of these businesses, but there remains more to do with financial performance well below potential for both of them. Woolworths New Zealand improved value communication has resonated with customers and this is reflected in the strong improvement in value for money scores, up 5 point from the last year. We also rebranded 72 stores to Woolworths New Zealand by the end of the year. In fact, I think we set 77 as our top, with another 60 planned for F 2025. Importantly in the rebranding, we get a sales lift of just over 1% as we rebrand, which is an incredibly important positive for the future. Following its official launch in February, Everyday Rewards in New Zealand has grown to 1.6 million active members at the end of the year. I think we had another 460,000 customers join our Everyday Rewards membership program in New Zealand during the year. And we extended our lead in eCommerce as we rolled out more convenient services for customers like Direct to Boot and launched MILKRUN to strong resonance today in New Zealand. Our Christchurch Fresh DC had an immediate impact on availability and fruit and veg customer scores on the South Island. Our overall focus on fresh has led to strong growth in fruit and veg and meat in Q4 on both islands. Turning to BIG W, the rollout of Health & Beauty shop-in-shops has proved popular with customers with over 100 planned for F 2025. We also launched the Big W market before Black Friday last year, which has materially increased the online range we have to over 1 million (sic) [100,000] (00:09:25) products for our customers to choose from. And this additional [indiscernible] (00:09:31) not only building the basket, but also driving more traffic to the BIG W digital platform. The reset of our spring and summer clothing range, some of which you can see in stores now, has been another important step during the year, with the new simplified range focused on more entry price points, improved quality and fit. I think 80% of our products in the new range are under AUD 20 in price. And I think that's really – what this really focus on delivering real value at opening price points in those key categories. Finally, leveraging group capabilities and new technology to improve processes in BIG W remains an opportunity  with us (00:10:10) to continue into F 2025, including the enormous potential of  RFID for us (00:10:17) and getting the right color/size combinations available for our customers  (00:10:20). I will cover the outlook for both businesses a little later in the presentation. On slide 11, it's a reminder of how we think about our group and the businesses and platforms within – that work together to enforce each other to deliver on our everyday retail strategy. I will now hand over to Amanda. It's a very similar slide, by the way, you've seen before. It's just been fine-tuned as we continue to evolve the group and the strategy and the progress we've made there in. But I'm now going to turn over to Amanda to talk about our progress across digital rewards and eCommerce in F 2024. Over to you, Amanda. Thank you, Brad. Turning to slide 12. Customers are increasingly connected, and it's important that we continue to enhance our digital experiences, make engaging with us easier and seamless. Growing digital engagement is also driving more sales, both in our store and online, and more opportunities for our supply partners through Cartology to connect with customers in a personalized way. Since the start of the year, weekly visits to our digital assets across the group have surpassed number of transactions in physical stores, which reinforces the importance of digital experiences as part of the customer journey. In F 2027 (sic) [F 2024] (00:11:43), average traffic to group digital platforms reached 27.2 million visits per week, up 19.7% on the prior year. Digital tools such as in-store shopping mode, shopping lists and the best unit price filter and special filters continue to enhance shopping experiences and increasingly are helping customers manage their shopping budgets. Turning to slide 13, active Everyday Rewards members in Australia reached 9.8 million, with more than 770,000 new members joining the program in F 2024. Our members are also finding more value with boosting members accessing personalized offers, up 9% on last year; and who, on average, earn their AUD 10 off 5 times faster than non-boosting members. Everyday Extra also continues to grow strongly with paid subscribers more than doubling on the prior year. One of the ways we are continuing to grow the benefits for our members is through new partners. And during the year, we welcomed a core MILKRUN and Petstock to the program. Finally, as Brad mentioned, in Everyday Rewards is now a trans-Tasman program following its launch in February in New Zealand. Turning to slide 14. Group eCom sales for F 2027 (sic) [F 2024] (00:13:05) were a little under AUD 8 billion, with normalized growth of 18.5%, led by WooliesX eCommerce sales growth of 20.2%, which remained strong throughout the year. Including MILKRUN, Australian Food eCommerce sales increased by 21.3% for F 2024. Strong sales growth, higher pickup mix and productivity programs across fulfilment operations and last mile deliveries led to material improvement in profitability, with eComX normalized DAP, up 119%. eCom growth is being supported by the expansion of our convenience propositions, with 86% of our B2C eCom orders now fulfilled within 24 hours, an increase of 6 points compared to the prior year. During the year, we launched a new sub 60-minute collection service, Direct to Boot Now, in 307 sites, in addition to our 727 Direct to Boot sites across the country. We also established HomeRun as the group's last-mile delivery service provider with 20 million orders delivered since launch. I will hand back to Brad to cover the progress within our retail platforms and adjacencies in the year. Thanks, Amanda. And just while you were talking the team corrected me, we don't have 1 million products on the BW market. It's 100,000 as I speak today. So apologies. I got ahead of myself. On slide 15, what it provides some examples of how our platforms, our retail platforms will strengthen our overall capabilities and grow in their contribution to our group. I'll talk in a bit more detail in the slides of Cartology in which I'll just focus on Primary Connect, or PC+ and Woolworths 360 and Property. Primary Connect grew through third-party business, PC+, out of the year and with terrific  (00:15:12) and we now have got those cost on PC really working to potential and we're serving over 1,300 supplier relationships. And this has both value for us in a monetary sense, but even as importantly it really helps us  (00:15:29) availability for our customers and these partners. If I just talk to Woolies360 and Property, Woolies360 comprises our format and development team and they delivered 14 net new stores for the group during the year alongside 60 renewals. And while our new and renewal stores are delivering growth, the platform has also delivered and is continuing to deliver material cost savings as it houses our Smarter Operations initiatives, including the continued rollout of product shelve label, Scan Assist, Double Welcome Gates, and Front of Store upgrades. And I'm sure I'll get questions on those later, so I'll come back to Cartology detail in subsequent slides. Turning to slide 16 really just on the supply chain for a moment. And this is the David Errington slide. And I'm sure you'll have additional questions on this, David, if you're online. So it's just as we had committed to, just give it a little bit of progress on how we're progressing on our plans in the space. We are of course – the headline is we're on track with our Moorebank National DC and Regional DC is on track for their commissioning. In that context, our Melbourne South Regional DC, which is our first automated DC, has provided a blueprint for what we are setting now to achieve in New South Wales. And I'm pleased to be able to say that MSR DC have a throughput of 2.5 million cartons per week in F 2024 with the cost per carton approximately 30% lower what it would have been if we were full operating our previous Melbourne warehouse. It has also improved pick accuracy, achieved better safety outcomes, and is currently delivering returns in excess of 10%. As we co-located DCs in Moorebank come online over the next years, we expect them to draw up material benefits for our New South Wales customers and of course the wider group. As disclosed in Q3, we expect to incur approximately AUD 90 million to AUD 100 million of incremental costs associated with commissioning, ramp up, and dual-running costs in F 2025. On the same topic, construction of our Auburn CFC, in partnership with Knapp, is also progressing well; reaching completion of automation installation in F 2024 and on track to go live in the second half of F 2025. Coming to Cartology on slide 17 through the growth over the last five years, about a 34% CAGR since its formal launch in F 2020. F 2024 revenue increased by 9%, relatively low by standards in Cartology with a little bit over 5,000 campaigns, while also providing very importantly valuable media inventory for the group. Hopefully, everyone is aware, the media side – the inventory inside Cartology will reserve 50% for the group and 50% to be monetized through, generally, endemic but increasingly also in some instances non-endemic advertisers. And so the value for the group is as important as the value, I think, monetized through our clients. Cartology screen network continues to grow both on and off network with around 400 health and beauty screens added across the Woolworths Supermarkets in the half in the year, and our Vicinity Centres partnership adding around 1,000 screens in over 50 shopping centers and that is in the process of being rolled out as we speak. Digital revenue is an increasing contributor to growth in Cartology related products growing strongly in the year. And we have just launched a new onsite brand video on woolworths.com.au in June, which is already seeing strong demand. In fact, it's really filled out in terms of the capacity we have for that particular product. If I then just move to the group's analytical platform, wiq. wiq is continuing to deliver high value use cases across the group, including what was our first real delivery product of next gen promo. But we also now have spot clearance, Quick Assist and many others, and that I should say continues on. Importantly, during the year, we also relaunched what used to be called Quantium FMCG as wiqConsumer, and we are leaning in with 500 suppliers to give them the right data-led consumer insights to help them make better decisions, including in their relationship with Woolworths. Finally and very importantly, we could also take in the lead in AI adoption across the group with 10 use cases as a talk-in pilot rolled out that leverage gen AI to drive better customer and team experiences as well as, of course, deliver incremental productivity benefits. An example of this is Team Coach, which leverages AI to support our customer service agents in our customer hub or customer success to resolve issues faster and more effective for our customers. We expect to accelerate our Gen AI adoption and capability across the group in the year ahead, as you might expect. And moving to slide 19 and the Woolworths Food Company and the changing shape of it. We know that our owned and exclusive brands provide exceptional value and quality and are continuing to grow and improve these ranges. It's a critical part of our value proposition for our customers in securing the current environment. But  (00:20:54) provide a claw in making healthy items more accessible despite the challenge – and affordable despite the challenging economic environment with interestingly macro growing by 12% compared to the prior year. It's on its way. In fact, it's annualized and I think it went about AUD 1 billion across brand and really resonating with customers who are needing to trade down in those more health-related categories. Importantly, as you'll see in the announcement we also moved into 100% ownership of the business of PFD in F 2025 final agreement to acquire the remaining 35% of the business from the Smith family. And this is on the back of really strong growth in the business over the last couple of years, including 9% in F 2024 with the business now on a run rate of around AUD 3 billion, if you just, again, normalize this going forward. And I just should recognize the material contribution of the Smith fam to the business and what a terrific and constructive partner they have been to us in the last couple of years. Finally, within the Woolworths Food Company, we also have our sourcing initiatives in the secondary processing. That includes Greenstock, which is  (00:22:15) meat business and that's continuing to help us deliver lower prices for customers across the meat category. And actually, Greenstock is now supplying meat to PFD customers as well via the  (00:22:28) brand, with PFD actually turn on to provide value-added fish processing back into supermarkets. So, a nice real better together moment between those businesses. Changing gears and turning to sustainability, and you will of course see that we're also launching our sustainability report today and Modern Slavery Statement. And you can look for a lot more detail in those documents. Just some of the highlights that we just wanted to call out in some cases  (00:23:03). So, let me just go through those. While severity rate improved in F 2024 due to fewer severe injuries and improved reporting  (00:23:09), performance was disappointing due to an increase in medical treatment and restricted work cases driven by manual handling injuries. As you might expect, we have a whole range of initiatives underway to help reduce these injuries, including the introduction of improved material handling equipment, task redesign, and upskilling of our team. Also then just moving on to Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. In F 2024, our Scope 1 and 2 emissions were 42% below our 2015 base year, with the current year improvement supported by the installation of an additional 53 solar systems across the group and a new energy partnership with CleanCo in Queensland as we transition to 100% renewable energy. And another one that I just wanted to call out one that I'm personally immensely proud of is our mini woolies program, and we continue to grow this program with 86 stores, 66 stores at the end of F 2024, including the store in every state and territory in Australia, and our first 2 new stores in New Zealand. The program provides handful learning experience for students and job candidates living with disabilities. More than 6,000 students have completed the program since its launch. And as I speak, I think we actually at 73 mini woolies with an aspiration to get to 100 at the end of this year. I will now turn over to Steve to discuss our financial results and then will come back to outlook. Over to you, Steve. Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. I'll start today on slide 23 with the F 2024 full year results summary for the group. F 2024 included a 53rd trading week; so unless otherwise stated all growth mentioned will be on a normalized basis for the removal of the 53rd week. Group sales for the year of AUD 67.9 billion increased by 3.7%, with all businesses other than BIG W growing sales on the prior year. Excluding Petstock, group sales increased by 3.1%. Group EBIT before significant items was AUD 3.2 billion, an increase of 1.1% on the prior year or 0.3% increase excluding Petstock. Half two EBIT declined 1.3% on the prior year as growth in Australian food and Australian B2B was offset by lower earnings in New Zealand Food and BIG W. The group EBIT margin for F 2024 was 4.7%, down 12 basis points on the prior year. Group NPAT before significant items was AUD 1.711 billion, a reported decrease of 0.6%, with EBIT growth offset by higher interest and tax in the year. Basic EPS on the same basis declined by 1%, broadly in line with NPAT. And I'll discuss our final and special dividend later in the capital management section. Turning to slide 24, our group trading performance in Australian Food. Total sales for F 2024 were AUD 50.7 billion, an increase of 3.7%, with sales growth slowing to 1.8% in second half due to moderating inflation and lower item growth despite continued strong growth in eCommerce. Australian Food EBIT increased 6% for F 2024 and 2.2% in half two, with around three quarters of the Australian Food EBIT growth for the year driven by WooliesX. In Woolworths Food Retail, which is the combination of our stores and eCom businesses, EBIT increased by 3.5%. WooliesX profitability increased 94%, reflecting strong sales growth, improved eCom profitability and an increased contribution from the other WooliesX businesses, including Cartology and our EverydayX services businesses. The DAP & EBIT margin of 4.4% increased by 154 basis points compared to the prior year. Australian B2B sales for the year increased 4.3% in F 2024 and 5.9% in half two. PFD's trading performance remained strong with sales growth of 9%, driven by growth across all its key segments. Australian B2B EBIT was up materially in F 2024, benefiting from the exit of the Summergate and international business announced in the prior year and EBIT growth in PC+, our third-party transport business. New Zealand Food sales increased by 1.3% for F 2024 and 0.3% in half two. EBIT of New Zealand, NZD 108 million, declined by 57% versus F 2023 impacted by value-conscious customers in a highly competitive trading environment and materially higher wage costs. As announced in half one, we recognized a NZD 1.6 billion impairment during the year, which has been treated as a significant item. BIG W also had a challenging year in F 2024, with sales down 3.9% and EBIT down by 90%, reflecting a challenging trading environment with customers cutting back and trading down in discretionary categories, which led to lower sales, elevated markdown and clearance activity and deleverage despite good cost control. Our other segment includes group functions such as property, group overheads and the Woolworths Group's investments in Petstock, Quantium, MyDeal, and Endeavour Group. The segment recorded a loss before interest and tax of AUD 123 million, which was a reduction of 37% on the prior year. This was due to the EBIT contribution from Petstock from January and lower advanced analytics and M&A costs, partially offset by lower contributions from our shareholding in Endeavour Group. The group reported significant items of AUD 1.6 billion related to the previously announced impairment of New Zealand Food and a mark-to-market loss of AUD 209 million on our investment in Endeavour Group, following the loss of significant influence both reported in half one. This was partially offset by a net revaluation gain of NZD 107 million in relation to put option liabilities over non-controlling interests with the minority shareholders of PFD having communicated their intention to exercise the put option effective June 30, 2024. Moving on to slide 25. F 2024's been a significant year of wage inflation across the group. We've worked hard to partially offset some of this inflation in F 2024 through a focus on productivity and end-to-end efficiency and delivered a solid increase in productivity in F 2024. We have a strong productivity pipeline for F 2025. And on this slide, we've laid out some of our major productivity initiatives. The biggest opportunities are in our stores and eCom business, where the majority of the costs reside. Some specific initiatives include the ongoing roll out of electronic shelf labels; stockloss initiatives, including full-year benefit of the Scan Assist and Welcome Gate rollout; as well as pick and last-mile optimization opportunities in eCom. Part of the benefit in F 2025 will come from the annualization of initiatives landed in F 2024, which gives us confidence we can deliver good savings in F 2025. Moving to slide 26 and our balance sheet metrics. Average inventory days were up marginally 0.3 days on the prior year, reflecting a conscious increase in inventory holdings in the second half to improving store availability to customers, as well as an increase in imported stock holdings impacted by increased shipping delays and transit times. However, this was offset by average payable days, which increased by 2.3 days in F 2024. BIG W's closing inventory was marginally higher than F 2023, but this was driven by an early receipt of seasonal inventory. Closing inventory health improved versus F 2023 with the proportion of inventory considered aged and quit stock below the prior year. Growth increased by 78 basis points compared to F 2023, largely due to higher group EBIT and the reduction in average funds employed driven by the AUD 1.5 billion impairment of goodwill in New Zealand in half one. Excluding the New Zealand goodwill impairment, ROFE was largely flat, up 4 basis points on the prior year. On slide 29, it's just a reminder of our capital management framework. And during the year, we continued to generate strong cash flows, which were reinvested into sustaining our business, growth initiatives and managing a strong dividend for shareholders, and I'll provide further color over the following slides. Moving to the cash flow on page 28. Group generated operating cash flows of AUD 5.9 billion for the year driven by solid EBITDA growth, offset by net working capital outflows. The movement in working capital in the year reflects high year-end inventory holdings, offset somewhat by higher payables. While payables increased on the prior year, a non-comparable supplier payment in the 53rd week in New Zealand impacted closing on to payables. Cash interest costs increased 8.1%, largely driven by higher floating interest rates on bank debt in the year. And tax paid increased 31.9% compared to the prior year, driven by higher taxable income for F 2023 paid in F 2024, and cycling a tax refund received in the second half of F 2023. Cash flows on investing activities increased 23.5% to AUD 2.3 billion increase compared to the prior year, with mainly the group's acquisition of 55% interest in Petstock for AUD 476 million. I'll cover CapEx on the next slide. And finally, our normalized cash realization ratio was 97% due to higher net investment in inventory. On to CapEx on slide 29. Operating CapEx for the year was AUD 2 billion in line with our guidance. Sustaining CapEx accounted for around three quarters our total spend, with an increase driven by higher spend in renewals as planned. Growth CapEx was modestly down on the prior year, while investments in productivity increased in the year, including the ongoing rollout of electronic shelf labels, as well as Scan Assist and the implementation of double welcome gates and front-of-store upgrades. CapEx also included AUD 117 million on projects with strong sustainability benefit in areas such as refrigeration, transport decarbonization initiatives and solar. In F 2025, we expect operating CapEx to be in the range of AUD 2 billion to AUD 2.2 billion, reflecting ongoing investment in our supply chain network and increased store renewal numbers planned for F 2025. Moving on to slide 30. The board today approved a final dividend AUD of 0.57 per share, bringing the total ordinary dividend for the year to AUD 1.04 in line with the prior year, with the full-year dividend payout ratio of 74.3%, in line with our typical 70% to 75% payout ratio. The board also approved a special dividend of AUD 0.40 per share to return to shareholders the proceeds from the sale of 5% of Endeavour Group in May. The final and special dividends will release over AUD 500 million of franking credits to our shareholders. Turning to the balance sheet. Our net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.6 times at the end of the financial year, in line with F 2023. It's important to note that this is before the payment of special dividend, as well as approximately AUD 400 million to acquire the remaining 35% of PFD which will be paid in the first half of F 2025. We remain committed to solid investment-grade credit ratings and has significant headroom under our current ratings of BBB from S&P and Baa2 from Moody's. In October 2023, the group issued AUD 450 million of domestic medium-term notes with a tenor of 7.5 years. The proceeds were used to refinance AUD 400 million of domestic medium-term notes that matured in April 2024. And finally, I would just like to say a huge congratulations and thanks to Brad for an outstanding contribution as CEO and to thank you for your leadership over the last 8.5 years. And with that, I will turn back to you. Thanks, Steve. And wasn't scripted, but much appreciated. Thank you. Just going on to talking about our trading and outlook on slide 32. Our sales momentum in F 2025 to-date has continued to improve across the group, in line with our improving customer scores and the momentum we started to see in the context of Q4. In In Australian Food sales, for the first eight weeks of F 2025, have increased by 3%, driven by item growth and modest inflation with eCommerce continuing to contribute strongly to our growth. As Steve talked about, we have strong end-to-end productivity plans in place for the year ahead, which are important to delivering our results in F 2025, given elevated wage inflation and mix pressure on our cost base.  (00:35:54) everyone is aware with the enterprise agreement, it's a 3.75% increase in our wage base, plus 0.5% of super on top of that, which is much needed  (00:36:05). We remain focused on delivering on our customers' shopping baskets, but expect cost of living pressures to persist, with cross-shopping and trading down continuing. Australian Food sales have increased by 1.5% in the first eight weeks, also driven by item growth and we expect F 2025 EBIT to be above F 2024, with stronger growth in H2. But it will take a few years for the business to achieve – to return to full earnings potential. And I would also – same wage pressure with New Zealand, actually slightly more pronounced than in Australia. BIG W sales are broadly flat for the first eight weeks, but with material item growth. But this is a bit offset by material reduction in turn in average selling price. For F 2025, we also expect BIG W to be above F 2024. However, the outlook is contingent on successful trading during the key holiday and Christmas period, and of course, an improved trading performance in H2. I will now hand over to Amanda to provide some observations as she prepares to step into the CEO role effective Monday, the 2nd of September. And for my last couple of weeks at Woolworths, Amanda, we will be trading places and is – I look forward to working for you for the last couple of weeks. Oh, me too, Brad.   (00:37:25) process. Over to you. Thank you. Thanks, Brad. The last few months have been really energizing as I've spent time with our customers, travel to our stores and DCs, listening to our team and connecting with our suppliers and partners. It has been an incredibly valuable experience and a privilege to do this ahead of stepping into the role on the 2nd of September. It has only reconfirmed my view that we have a strong, talented and hardworking team and  so many great (00:37:53) opportunities to grow in the years ahead. I also worked closely with Brad, the wider leadership team and the board to shape our group plan for the next few years. Looking ahead, my excitement at coming into the role is based on a strong conviction that it is our people, our commitment to building better experiences for our customers together for a better tomorrow that will be critical to our success in the years ahead. As Brad mentioned, while sales momentum by far in F 2025 has improved, cost of living pressures for our customers are expected to continue and as we're operating in an environment that can rapidly change. Our everyday retail strategy positions us well for the future that can't be achieved without consistently great experiences for our customers and members. Delivering against our trade plans and getting the basics right every day on value, availability, range service and convenience will be key to doing this. We will also continue to create the future of everyday retail, leveraging technology and AI to transform how we work and how our customers and members shop our brands. Finally, we need to continue to look for ways to simplify how our teams work and make it easier for them to have an impact and care for customers. Brad, I would also like to take this opportunity to thank you as our longest-serving CEO, since our Founders, for the remarkable job that you have done in transforming Woolworths and firmly putting customer and team first. Thank you, Brad. Thank you, Amanda. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for questions. Can I please ask, we limit it to one question per person, so that everyone can have a chance. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  The first question today comes from Shaun Cousins from UBS. Please go ahead. Thanks. Good morning, Brad, and thank you for answering my questions over the years. The answers have always been interesting and provide a depth of insight, so thank you for that. A quick maybe just in Aus Food and execution in-store. When we talk to Woolworths shareholders, they're somewhat cranky at times just in that the stores are in very good shape, they're refurbished and you've got advantages across data insight, loyalty, supply chain, but you're sort of getting consistent feedback from suppliers about weaker in-store execution. And could you touch, specifically, whether electronic shelf labels are weighing on weaker promotional participation as they don't scream value, like bright yellow paper tickets and whether or not they have inventory in-store as stock-out seem to be an issue when we walk stores? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Shaun. Let me just start by saying that  (00:41:04) has really lifted in the last quarter, so it's up just over 200 basis points. Paul can maybe give you the exact number. So, we don't have an issue with customers actually responding to our promos, and so, a very good response right there. Shaun, we were very avert that coming out of H1 into H2, we had some availability issues, in particular, as we installed a new  (00:41:29) system and some of the fair share mechanics and ways in which we did that meant we had some stock challenges there. And they were exacerbated by some of the other challenges we had in the year. So, shelf availability is an enormous opportunity for us, I think, we can all agree. That said, it's continuing to prove, and prove that week and week, and actually, as we stand here on average, we're looking in good shape. Our biggest issue right now, though, is not whether on average we're good, it's just the promo pin that we're getting, we just need to make sure that we are building enough stock based on forecast, not based on history. And so, a lot of work, again, on that issue. On ESL itself, we also ask ourselves the same question. We do not see a material difference across our network between the ESLs and non-ESLs store in promo pin. That said, one of our big initiatives, Shaun, is to use digital to help our customers better find value in our stores. I don't want to overplay it. As I speak, we've got probably somewhere just over 0.5 million customers in the in-store shopping mode using our app in-store to make decisions. And we expect that to, Dan, correct me if I'm wrong, double in the year ahead  (00:42:47) by more than that. And when they are using it, things like – Shaun, you can actually ask where the product and we'll give you the product and the price becomes important. The best you can sought are the watch list and so on. We have a great value proposition in store, but we can always do more to help our customers fund that. Finally, as I'll speak, if you look at the number of products on promotion, materially higher right now than Coles. And our price indexing, it's Coles and against ALDI, in particular, is as good as it's ever been. So, there's no issue on us being robust in terms of making sure that we've got the right pricing out in our business. And finally, this week, if you go into our stores – and I know you will be in there, Shaun. And I hope you had a good trip to Lane Cove a few weeks ago. And I hope you went to Woolworths when you checked out the competitors. You'll see our new ticketing solutions in there, particularly with our new lower shelf price. And there's been a lot of consumer research done about  (00:43:52) whole series of evolutions you'll see the next couple of months. Got it. Thanks. But doesn't seem as though there's anything fundamentally wrong, but you're not executing as well. So, that's what we're trying to square in terms of what's going on? Yeah, I see. I'm sorry. If you look at our unit growth, we feel pretty good about things. We always want more, let me just say. I'm looking at Paul, as I speak. But when we see the unit growth and we see how we are resonating with our customers, we are not in a bad place. But is shelf availability an opportunity enough for our sales opportunity in F 2025? Bet you. In particular as we get into the second half and in particular, I say, we get into premier lines, well, our power lines in store. You'll see changes in the way we think about 250 lines that are so material to our business, in order of 20% of our sales. So, rest assured of our focus on availability. But I wouldn't like anyone to confuse off-location plays or anything like that with fundamentals of trading because that's not true. And certainly, that's also the case with the ESL. Although we can just say, a better job at  (00:45:03) with the new colors coming up, with the new font size being launched, if you look at the  (00:45:06) and of course the in-store navigation through digital for the customer. Thank you. The next question comes from Adrian Lemme from Citi. Please go ahead. Good morning. My question is actually longer term if I may, and it may be for Steve. Look, I understand SAP's requiring all companies globally to upgrade their ERP systems to the S/4HANA system by 2028. I've heard this is a very complex project and would take a number of years. I'm just interested if you can talk to where you are in that. Understand your view on the SAP systems now, expected costs and whether you can manage that through other segments, please. Adrian, did we pay you to ask this question? I feel like we did actually. We actually just talked about it in some detail at the board yesterday. So, Steve, I know you can talk about it at length. I'll let you give a brief answer in that context. Yes, thanks for the question, Adrian. So we've been going through various stages of upgrade of our subsystems. So, we're on a cloud version of the previous version ECC 6.0 and we're working through the transition to the SAP S/4HANA. It's important to note we've actually previously upgraded our retail and store systems. And so, we see this actually as a less complex upgrade than other organizations where we feel like the changes are very manageable and we should be able to manage that change within our existing CapEx envelops. And we would anticipate the changes happening over the course of calendar 2026. Thanks, Steve. And I understand that it's that – with this project, a lot of maybe more than half of the costs we have to be expensed. So, would that expense be able to be managed within budgets? Could you reduce, discretionary IP spending to offset, please? They currently – we would expect to be able to manage them within our envelope, both CapEx and OpEx. Thanks, Adrian. Bear in mind it is an upgrade, not a brand new implementation for us. Thank you. The next question comes from Tom Kierath from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead. Morning, guys. Just one on the CapEx. I was a bit, I suppose, surprised and disappointed that it's going up again in 2025. It looks like sustaining CapEx is kind of continuing to step up. And I guess, it begs the question, is the business still a lot more capital intensive now? And do you have to do a lot more to  (00:47:51)? Because we're not really seeing it come through with faster growth. I don't know, maybe Amanda's probably the best-placed, given that she was involved in the planning to answer that one. But I don't know, Brad, if you have any thoughts on this as well. Look, I'll comment, and push them to Steve, if that's okay, Tom. And we hope the Kierath family is still very loyal online shoppers and the family is doing well. It's one of our most important eCommerce shoppers. But Tom, you're looking at a peak right now, really, on with supply chain upgrades that we've got really, and so you're seeing the supply chain upgrades laid on top of our renewal program, which is actually delivering what we need it to be. And so, it is that peak in the supply chain is our first automated CFC outside of Moorebank and then the warehouse upgrades that we're doing in New Zealand. So, it is really driven by that combination of factors more than by anything else. Intellectually, as you go forward, and apropos in the comment on IT, as more of our systems become SaaS-based, actually they become more OpEx based and less CapEx based, which is a different issue and focus area for us. But I'll let Steve give some of the specifics on that. Yes. I mean, just on your point, I mean, one of the issues from how you manage these, they are long-dated projects. And so, we announced the Moorebank precincts over four years ago, clustered – I think it's getting close to four years right now. And so, we'll be opening the national distribution center in the first half of F 2025. We'll open the regional distribution centers, so essentially a replication of MSRDC, the New South Wales, our biggest market in F 2026. They're long-dated projects where you take the CapEx upfront and you see the benefits once you get to scale. And so, we're confident we're going to get the returns from these projects. Part of the reason we included an update on MSRDC in the analyst slides is to just demonstrate actually the investment is paying back for us. It is a sustaining investment as in we've got – we're out of capacity in our existing sheds. And so, this is about unlocking growth for the future, but getting efficiency benefits from it, and store benefits and customer benefits from better availability. So, yeah, your point is noted on the timing of the CapEx versus the realization of benefits. And we're very focused on making sure we realize those benefits that we are in the peak of that supply chain transition right now. And to Brad's point we haven't done enough renewals or as many as we would like in the last two years. And we consciously want to get that renewal number up in the next 12 months. And just on the renewal process itself, as the blue print changes, we started to get even more excited by the potential of it not only in sales, but in the cost structure forward, but in a good drive, attached to the store and in the way we plug products and the way our new front-end works as well as all the other  (00:50:50) that actually it's a good time to go again and just look to the number of it. Thank you. The next question comes from David Errington from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Morning, Brad. If I could ask you this question cause Steve won't answer it. He won't. But if you could answer it, that'd be great. Brad, what really struck me was how much the stores went backwards in terms of EBIT in that second half. So, if I draw your attention to slide 39, and then you compare that to what they did in the first half, I mean, the stores in the first half, their EBIT was up 3.8%. On a normalized basis, the store EBIT fell by 0.2%. Now, that means that the store EBIT fell in that second half by – I've got about 4.5%. So, the stores really went backwards in terms of EBIT. Now, that's just talked about renewals in that. But you guys spend at least AUD 0.5 billion at least on renewals, and upgrades and new stores. And you've been doing that for four years, and yet the stores are going back. Now, what I'm trying to work out is, going forward, now, eCommerce is hitting the cover off the ball. I mean, there's no doubt about that, but your stores are really languishing big time in terms of profit performance. Now, whether it's deleverage, I don't know. But I'm trying to build myself a little bridge in terms of what your earnings are going to look like in 2025. Hence, the question to you and not to Steve, because I think I'll get more out of you than what I will Steve. And that's all due respect to Steve, of course. But when you look at what your sales growth could be, what your gross profit is likely to be, you have to absorb another AUD 90 million to AUD 100 million of implementation costs. And your depreciation costs are growing by AUD 100 million a year because of all this CapEx you've been spending. I noticed in Australian Food, EBIT – in D&A, D&A went up by over AUD 100 million. And I'm assuming, if you could clarify, that that's going to continue rising by about AUD 100 million. And you've called out that labor costs are going to be rising by about 4.5%. Now, if I do a little bridge earnings, I don't think you can grow EBIT in 2025 in Food, unless these productivity initiatives that you call out in 2025 really, really bring you home. I think you're struggling to grow EBIT next year. Brad. So, can you go through a little bit of that bridge because question is, why are store's EBIT going backwards so bad? Is it because of depreciation you have to carry? How much of that depreciation going to keep growing? How much this drag on the implementation costs? And these productivity initiatives, can that bring you home, so that you can actually grow profit in supermarkets, excluding eCommerce in 2025? Thanks, David. I don't know if that was a compliment or not, but I'll take it as a positive. So, obviously, we're not going to talk to the 2025 forecast. But let me give you the right color to F 2024, so that you can, of course, work through your own modeling. Q3 was just challenging for us. And I think everyone would know and understand this. Whether it was the fact we were cycling a collectible last year, not having on this year, the issues we had on on-shelf availability, the challenges we had around Australia Day, the rest of the negative media around supermarkets. So, it was just an incredibly challenging quarter for us in every possible way. And you see that reflected in the results, as well as our commitment to actually invest in our customers and really do the right thing for our customers. And so, it is really – as I mentioned in my intro, it was a year of four quarters. As you get to Easter, you're watching a very different momentum come back into the business. And, of course, our goal is to build on that in F 2025. And the nice thing in retail, as we all know, you get to cycle things. And so, you cycle high performance at times and you cycle opportunities at other end. There are opportunities, of course, as we cycle in the year ahead, including as I talked now, we're sort of two weeks later into our current collectible program. And you don't really see that in our first eight weeks, which is something that we, hopefully, are very excited about as a group, collectibles. So, first point is, that's the issue, David. It's incredibly challenging Q3 in possibly every respect. Including early in the quarter, I've been very diligent on price establishment to make sure that we were following what we had talked to you, guidelines for ourselves and making sure we have efficacy on prices before we promote off those. And so, it took us a few weeks, as we come out of the key fiscal turn to really  (00:55:50) establishment. And as I say that we've used the index very quickly and it's where we are on that. Second point, David. And I know we break it into two ways, but we do combine it for a reason between eCommerce and stores, and that is that 89% of our eCommerce business is picked in the store. It is really the changing shape of the store, even though we report both channels. And so, you do need to look at the numbers together. And one of our big initiatives in our format is redesigning the store to make it more and more eCommerce-friendly. We split the docks now. So, we don't use the same dock for an inbound, for instance. And the docks were split. We're trying to  advise where (00:56:28) we can, the whole paper shelves, spacing between aisles, you name it. ESL, by the way, is a critical enabler for eCommerce, amongst many other things. So, you've got to look at both of those when you look at leverage of the store. And one of our biggest opportunities, and we've delivered a lot of it in Q4, but it's going to be still another opportunity. Q4 is how we continue to improve our pick efficiency in our stores and how we sequence things, whether we pick for customer or by batch and all the other tools that we – that Amanda can talk to and how we build the basket. So, I think, you've got to look at them together. And I wouldn't underestimate, and we've had to do this before, when you commission – and we need to build a wide volume before when we commission our CFC in Auburn. But, actually, the real deleverage is when you move the eCommerce volume out of the store. Our plan is not to move it out. Our plan is to grow it, and as I said becoming much more same-day. So I think that gives you some context. Now, when we get to F 2025, we have to be avert, David, which we are, that we are sitting on a cost base that has gone up by 3.75% plus 0.5% of super. And therefore, we simply do need to execute in the right way on our interim productivity plans. Those do include, to Shaun's point, ESL and continuing to grow ESL in our business, albeit with a bigger font, easier to see, a new color palette and so on. So, we do need to execute against our plan in order to achieve the right outcome for our shareholders, right? We're not saying that, that is walk in the park, quite the opposite. But, as I say, there are other things that are going that way. Last but not least, and this, I know – and hopefully, you are very aware why we do it, and we do need to change it going forward. In Australian Food are also really important adjacency profit generators for us, in particular, Cartology, and we will be considering how we report it going forward. So, we do need our adjacencies to deliver to help us deliver the overall result for Australian Food. They did deliver for us actually in F 2024, but we really do need them to continue to grow and deliver for us in getting far (58:58) than that and that is certainly our plan. Main thing you want to call out is media, but it's not the only ones in the adjacencies. Steve, is anything you wanted to add since – I'm tempted for you to add something since I know you don't want to add anything, okay. Thanks, David. Thank you. The next question comes from Lisa Deng from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi. Congratulations, again, both Brad and Amanda. My question is on the Food GP margin. It's seen a very strong growth. I think even in second half, it was up by 54 points or bps, removing tobacco that was 37 bps. And then that's due to a range of, I think, structural and cyclical factors, like you guys called out next-gen promotion, Cartology, cycling collectibles program. Can you kind of, maybe to the extent you can, give us a little bit of a build in terms of what's structural and what's cyclical and kind of then we can gauge what we can potentially bring into next year? The one extension of that is Cartology. Brad, you just mentioned, it actually was softer than, I guess, run rate at 9%. What was driving that, and how do we think about that going forward? Thanks. Yeah. Let me answer a few pieces, and I will turn to Steve didn't want to talk to the previous question, so we'll make him sing for his lunch in a moment, Lisa. Cartology was the reduction in the number of collectables we ran during the year, so that materially impacted it then, because you really do use them  (01:00:25) sales events. So that was – the real issue was it was a bit more muted. Actually, our growth digitally, which is where we want Cartology to grow, was very strong. As I say, we really sold out in video and just the whole way we're thinking about monetizing digital. And particularly, given the material growth and the number of our customers using our apps, and we don't actually monetize at all right now, by the way, our Everyday Rewards app, which is incredibly strong growth that provides those nice opportunities. So that's the Cartology story. In terms of the GP bridge, the only thing I'd add by way of intro and one of my pet topics, Steve, is we always look at GP relative to net sales. We don't give you the GSV to look at it. And if you looked on the GSV, you don't actually see it going up. And that's because between our GSV and our NSV  (01:01:16) Everyday Rewards, both in the points, but increasingly material Everyday Extra, the 10% off. So, we don't show that to you, but that is quite an important component when we look at it. We, by the way, believe it is driving value for us and we can talk about that separately, although closer to 0.5 million people now are using Everyday Extra, but that's one of the issues sitting in the background. But in terms of the rest of the bridge, Steve? Thank you. And, Lisa, hopefully, you're happy to talk to me. And David, I'm looking forward to seeing you later in the roadshow. We'll talk then. But in terms of the bridge, so as you rightly pointed out, we get the 20-basis-point tailwind in a basis point sense from tobacco declining, but actually we make less GP dollars. So, tobacco going backwards by 21% in the second half doesn't actually help our earnings. It just inflates a GP percentage calculation, so the 37 basis points. What I'd call out is, a couple of them are cycling. So, we cycle some collectibles. That's probably worth about 8 to 10 basis points. Actually, strong growth in our adjacencies, both Cartology, but equally our rewards, our Everyday Mobile, Everyday Insurance businesses, wPay, all actually had quite strong growth, a similar type of basis points improvement to that cycling benefit. And the balance is a range of things. And yeah, they're consistent with what we've talked about in the past. We continue to leverage our analytics tools developed by wiq to optimize our promotions. We're working hard on commodity sourcing our own brand teams, trying to get actually the best value for our customers, so improvements in sourcing. And then, some mix benefits, that long life, the higher margin part of the store for us. The fresh, long life grew faster than fresh. So, yeah, I think the combination of those make up the balance. But I think it's important to always reference back to our price settings. We are very competitive on price versus both Coles and ALDI. Our indexes are in good shape, and I'm repeating what Brad said earlier. But we always start with making sure that the price settings are right and we've got compelling new offers for our customers. And so, yeah, growing margin, we think, that we can control that don't impact the customers is really what we're focusing on. And so, those would be the sort of key components. Probably only other thing to talk about would be stockloss. We've obviously spent a lot of time and energy on rolling out things like Scan Assist and our welcome gates. We think it was well-managed. It went back marginally but not material to talk about. But, actually, in the current macro environment, we actually think that's not a bad account. So, those would be the key points, Lisa. Thanks, Lisa. Thank you. The next question comes from Bryan Raymond from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Good morning. Maybe a bit of a follow-on from Shaun, actually, just on the in-store execution piece. I've been getting similar feedback around maybe a little bit of a drop-off from a very high store standard in terms of on-shelf availability, promotion, compliance, et cetera. And just sort of unpicking the numbers before the disclosure changes potentially next year around  (01:04:27) growth. It was a good cost control period for you guys. Adjusting for the 53rd week, it looks like about a 4.5% growth rate on  (01:04:35) in the second half. I just want to understand a little bit of the drivers around that in terms of labor in store in particular, because supply feedback has been more that  (01:04:46) back to normal. It's really about store labor. I just want understand where you're at on in-store labor. Are you happy with the execution you've got at the moment or is that part of the solution, it's getting a bit more people in store to get products and sales? Thanks. Bryan, we'll report from the  (01:05:04) in three weeks' time and our work in store, so you can expect another message from me. But on a more serious note, we are very committed to our labor forecasting and our allocation to towards  (01:05:17). And we give the word out to the store based on the number of items that we sell and we expect to move in the store. And that's key to us. And not compromising that is essential so that our team get the right hours, and therefore, we  (01:05:31) with the team. And our voice of team scores actually went up during the year, which is just a testament to the hard work the team has done. We've also, in that context, though, launched a new routine, our Customer 1st availability. We just had to tailor how we got our product from the back  of dock (01:05:49) to the shelf in the store, so we get the right processes into the store. One of the – so it certainly hasn't been through our short cutting. That's not the way we do things. It doesn't mean we don't have material productivity plans, but that's not what happened. As I said, there have been a series of frustrating events during the second half in particular, starting with the SAP UTF rollout, and then, CrowdStrike. And we had an Azure issue and so on. So, there have been a series of quite frustrating events. Never mind the weather issues we've had with the rollout  (01:06:25) WA and so on. So, there's no question. What we've now started to do though as we go forward, Bryan, is we are very focused on making sure that we have a new reporting suite, so we don't really know our full-service level at the back end of it, whether the price is installed. But we're actually now using -redo all our shelf tools, so we actually do on-shelf forecasting as well. So we can see the gap between the two  (01:06:54) put on the shelf. And we're working very hard to close that gap, which will be a major opportunity for us going forward. And then, we've also had a few longer-term unsupplied, particularly in own brands, that we really are very focused on making sure we address. So, there's no good reason for it, to be honest. And everything we've seen from our team is they are really very focused and pumped up on taking advantage of this opportunity. Quite frankly, it's not a negative. It's just an opportunity for us, as a collective. And as I say, if you believe, which I do, that our power lines, our top 250 lines are running on shelf available to you 89% right now, improving by the week. But if you believe that we can close that to a 95%, you could get very positive on sales, depending on what assumptions you place on cannibalization, you will certainly knock the ball out of the park on customer experience. I don't know, Paul, if there's anything you wanted to add in the commercial? I'd only say that the work is happening between the commercial team and the ops team and replenishment around just the prior planning as we go into each trading cycle and backing ourselves and pushing extra stock of the right things into store in a very manageable way. It's a good opportunity for the teams working together to actually lift momentum as well. One thing I should add, actually, and I had forgotten whilst you're talking, is the issue that we really need to unpick. And as I said to David, it is great  (01:08:26) colors of the store because they were really good to leverage the asset in very powerful ways in particular. So, when you do same day or  (01:08:35) deliveries. But by the nature of it, we now have our peak trading period on a Sunday afternoon, which is quite challenging and because we need to really manage that. And so, we get a much more thoughtful – Sunday-based eCommerce growth, I think, it's 17% of our eCommerce business is Sunday afternoon. And so, we're trying to really rebalance the load on Sunday afternoons for eCommerce so that we can take some pressure off the shelf on a Sunday, which is a hard day. And the problem is, if you're out of stock on a Sunday, it really does impact on Monday, just by the nature of the change over the week. So, that's another area that we are working on that has caused our success in same day, particularly, Sunday, as it caused us an unintended consequence of  (01:09:17). Thank you. The next question comes from Craig Woolford from MST Marquee. Please go ahead. Good morning, Brad and team. It's great to see the small improvement in sales and a continuation of that momentum. But I am intrigued with the nexus between what's happening on price versus volume. If I looked at the disclosure we have on comparable order growth, it was only 0.4% in the fourth quarter. And your deflation is 0.6% overall or 1.4% excluding tobacco and fruit and veg. I just feels like you're getting some volume uplift, but you're seeing a bigger price decline and the net of that is negative. And I just wonder, we also see bricks and mortar going backwards versus online going forwards. So, it just doesn't feel like the balance is necessarily, net additive to the overall food division sales. Thanks, Craig. I mean, you're looking at average numbers for the quarter, if you don't mind me saying that we're looking at daily, weekly, monthly, monthly trend line. So, it's probably an important distinction. But to your point, we are very focused on basket size because our issues that not visitation from customers, whether digitally or of course physically. Visitation is up. We just need to make sure that our customers hold a great value basket if they shop with us and we maximize their basket. Where we are losing a few items in basket is in the physical store. So, it's a huge area of focus that Paul and Amanda can certainly talk to you to all that. That said, our focus, as we said, performance is on the basket. When you look at our volume share, our volume share is not looking too bad as we track it. I mean, there's a lot of noise in all of these. And that is key to us. We need to hold the basket for the customer. And if we need to invest more in price, which you see in a deflation, that's money well spent. In particular, as we see our customers trading down, Craig – there's been some trading down  (01:11:28). The reason they're trading down is slightly different ways, whether it's a  (01:11:31) or so on. So, we are very focused on that, and we are seeing volume share look pretty good and to be growing, and that is the basis on which we want to build our business. And if we have to invest prices through promo or trading down for a customer in the category, that is an investment well made for the future. Thank you. The next question comes from Ben Gilbert from Jarden. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, all. I'm just really impressed as an analyst and continues on the fact  (01:12:10) and congratulations. But maybe now sort of just looking to your legacy as you move on, and maybe one for Amanda. Just you talked to how Brad has been a great steward to the customers and to start. Just in terms of your focus to some of the other questions as well, just I'm trying to work the asset base harder as you come in, Because one of the criticisms around Woolies in the last 12, 18 months is you probably haven't worked the business as hard as maybe your friends down south has. And it seems to me that on the call today, you're talking up progressively improving trends through the month and which collect a little bit better. But are you going to be  (01:12:49) to work a bit hard, to be a bit clearer on the message, and maybe try the business out on a shorter-term lens, as well as trying to get some of the benefits of the significant CapEx  (01:12:59) just kind of your thoughts around that. Yeah. Let me start and give it to Amanda. We're not avert that we've had enormous distractions in the last year, so let me just agree with that. Secondly, while the issue of legacy, anyone have always defined what happens after you guys, not what happens once a day. And so, to me, I should be judged as we all should be judged by what happens in the next couple of years and not by what's happened in the last couple of years. But I'll let Amanda talk very specifically to your plan for F 2025. Yeah. Great. Thanks. Thanks, Brad. And we're very focused, as I said in the presentation on continuing to follow on that legacy, as you say, and put customers first and continue to get it right for customers. And we recognize that there's been opportunities over the last six months where we could have improved. As we've looked at the go-forward plans, we're incredibly excited about the strength of our trade plans, the sales plans. And our teams are really actually excited about the next couple of months that lead into Christmas, the opportunity to trade the business. And we're very focused on how do we continue to help our customers find more value; improve availability, as we've talked about and Brad's already talked to a number of the initiatives that we've already had underway and that we're seeing improving the momentum around, particularly on those power lines and those big lines and own brands that we know our customers are looking for; and then really continuing to improve service as well as we look at our eCommerce business, such great opportunities to continue to grow there. When we're looking at then the broader business outside of our retail group, there is this immense opportunity to continue to grow our adjacencies in our platform businesses. And so I think there's already a lot in play there. And what we're focused on is how do we unleash the full potential that already sits within the business. We sort of talk about it here as a leadership team. We've got all of the building blocks already in play. And so it's about us really focusing on that delivery. And then we are a very large businesses, as you know. And so how can we continue to seek ways to just make it simpler for our team, have more impact. So, I feel really positive about the future of Woolies. We are going to be very focused on bringing it very much back to what is the right thing to be doing for customers, how do we really get into our trade plans and get excited about them and we are; and how do we continue to make sure that we're there for our team as well. Thanks. Thanks, Amanda. Thank you. The next question comes from Richard Barwick from CLSA. Please go ahead. Good morning, team. I'm going to talk about New Zealand. I think a disappointing result through this year, certainly relative to market expectations as well. I think, Brad, you made a comment that it would take a few years for the New Zealand business to be able to achieve its potential. I'd love to hear your thoughts, or Amanda probably more importantly, so as to what do you see as the potential; like, how do we define that? Because if we use history as a guide, then we would be looking at sort of low NZD 300 million for the business or are you more optimistic than that? Just would love to try and scope that out a little bit, please. Richard, let me talk to the transformation and we don't do profit forecasts anyway, as Mr. Harrison is working on it as we speak. So, I won't put Amanda in as one of her first tough questions on that issue. But clearly we need to and our whole strategy as the group is to hold platforms that we use and we leverage across the group and no more obvious places between Woolworths Supermarkets in New Zealand and Woolworths Supermarkets in Australia. And one of the reasons for rebranding Qantas Woolworths was our ability to really sort through the leverage of one card to Everyday Rewards. We've actually collapsed the franchise business into unit, one franchise that was called Fresh Choice. So leveraging the platform is never the same. Mostly, everything we're doing is now replicated and they've got learnings both ways in doing that. And that's the key for us to succeed in New Zealand. And early stages are very promising. When you just look at the simple math to what happened to the profit result, there was a 12% wage increase and then another 7% and there was 19%, and we didn't get that back in pricing in a market with an incredibly challenged consumer in the market and a very robust competitor, I think in the form of, I can say so, a very simplistic sense that's what you saw happened, and there's very good reasons for it. As I say, the rebranding does give us the ability to access and leverage the core group across that. And as I say,  (01:17:58) activations on that. If you look at Everyday Rewards in New Zealand, for example,  (01:18:05) 150,000 people have joined the program, which is material in the context of a small country like New Zealand. But  (01:18:12) have stated publicly their intent to pull out, four really good new partners to the program, two new exciting ones coming in November, December. And you can see how we started to get that leverage and we run it every day with both sides of the  (01:18:28). If you look at New Zealand, one of the biggest opportunities in New Zealand is their lack of digital traction. In Australia, we have a material digital traction. Digital traction is ahead of our full traction. It's way the opposite of New Zealand. And so, the way we do that is through leveraging these platforms. You will get the same Woolworths app from both sides of the Tasman, and there'll be good ideas from both sides of the Tasman as you build that, as well as the same everyday Woolworths app which is now out there and so on. So, that is the key. It's one business  (01:19:01) Tasman business that's treated as such, albeit with slightly different pricing algorithms with the context of the market conditions we operate in New Zealand, given the franchise is priced differently. It's how you get the leverage. And there's no question in doing that, that we will see an improved sales result. How much we see will depend on the economy as much as anything else. But that really is the plan in a nutshell. Early days and so we are finding it very pleasing. Woolworths was a brand in New Zealand in 1929 and guess what, can we put the Woolworths back on a store or get an extra 1% of sales, hardly surprising relative to a no name brand that had no resonance for us in New Zealand. So, those factors  (01:19:43) through. And I'd encourage you when you go your next trip to New Zealand, maybe you'll go down to Queenstown,  (01:19:48) and you'll get points that you can redeem in Australia. So, that's really the plan. We are now about 15 months in. And what's nice is you can see all the green shoots in the plan to be back in  (01:20:04) growth is valuable. The basket opportunity is more material there. Not only do we have the independents, but we also have Warehouse Group, Chemist Warehouse, and many others competing for the grocery basket. But, actually, we're starting to see the – it's still very robust. But we sort of – with the deflation, we started to have more stable operating environment. So, we remain positive in some of the costs that we could in F 2024 we will be taking out as we annualize in F 2025. So, that still give us a little bit of a head start as well. Steve or Amanda, feel free to add. I mean, we don't really want to get into a forecast, but there's reason for optimism in the midterm. Yeah. I mean, ultimately, getting our price settings right, our competitiveness in the eyes of the customer so that we get more sales is the key, right. And so, actually we've got a strong productivity program in New Zealand. There's a reasonable  (01:21:08) productivity in 2024 and a strong pipeline in 2025. But, ultimately, we need to build up momentum. So, seeing those better sales results in when we rebrand from Countdown to Woolworths, seeing the improvement in items, actually getting eCommerce back into growth which we've seen particularly over the second half, they're all reasons for optimism. The only negative I would add, Richard, is  (01:21:29) a positive in terms of what it means for our team. Underlying wage growth is of course the same challenge we have in New Zealand, despite the 19% I've talked to that we have in Australia. So we really need to engage constructively with the unions over there on that and just get the right trade off in terms of some of the constraints in actually delivering productivity given the enterprise agreement we have with the unions. Thank you. The next question comes from Phil Kimber from E&P Capital (sic) [Financial Group] (01:22:00). Please go ahead. Hi, guys. My question is just that sentence in the release where you're considering the removal of gross profit in COD be at the segment level. I mean, I guess, as a long-term observer, Woolies, you've been an industry leader in terms of financial disclosure and this seems like going a step backwards. So, I just wanted to explore that from your point of view more. I get that it's more complicated now with the way the business is evolving, but I would argue it's still very important to understand the differences between sort of how the operations of the business, the store, the rent is growing versus how the trading part of the business, the buying, the  merchandising (01:22:44) is performing. So I'd just be interested in your thoughts. Thanks. Yeah. Phil, we'd like you to challenge our competitors to provide some of the transparency we provide, so keep the questions up for all of them. The issue we've got  (01:22:58) the efficacy of really what is GP versus CODB and now really the efficacy goes down to where you put your  (01:23:07) money in, so to speak, and which line do you put it into cost as you put it into GP. And then very importantly for us really, we're trying to be a lot more forensic on the end-to-end cost of running a different broad business the same side as a supermarket. And there's been a lot of conversation on meat, do we make money or not make money on meat, and you start looking at GPs and so on. When you actually look at a contribution margin, it was just  (01:23:34) costs all the way through, essentially you find a business that is at breakeven or modestly profitable in the last year. But with a very emotive conversation around the wrong data and there's a risk inside our business that we use that data to make also suboptimal decisions. So we really want to enhance reporting, and Steve can talk to what we want to do there with some of the segments or retail media we want to show. But we also want to move to a more accurate measure of the underlying profitability of our business, which in the characteristics we have is going to be looking at contribution margin, which is a variance of what we've done with that. But I'll, Steve, let you go through the detail. The only other point I'd make is we're not going to lose CODB or GP at the group level. So you're always going to have that. But we're not trying to dodge an issue. We just want to get the right mechanics as we look at our individual businesses. Yeah. But, I mean, I'll just make some sort of additional comments. What we're trying to do is make sure that decision-making at Woolworths has an interim lens. So when you just focus on the margin or just focus on the cost, it ignores these relationships at least. And so actually, we want our focus to be on the sales, the cost of goods, the costs through the supply chain and the costs in our stores. And when we actually look at the category dynamics within our business, the economics is a remarkably different depending on which part of the store or which are the products. So as some of our production or service areas might have very high gross margin, but actually got a high cost to produce and at a high cost to serve in the store. And so just focus on one area and not the other we don't think it's a full end-to-end view. And so increasingly what we want to do is provide commentary around the category economics in terms of color on the performance of each of the parts of the business. So that's what's behind it and that links to actually how we're managing the business internally. We're really focusing on how do we look at contribution end-to-end and profitability end-to-end and what our external disclosures to match how we run the business. We just, this month in our board report, actually reported contribution margin by broad area in all of our businesses. And it was a very powerful conversation with the board on decisions and how to make the right decisions. It is clearly going to involve some decision making, I thought. Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Simotas from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Hi, everyone, and good luck  (01:26:15), Brad. I've always enjoyed our interactions. My question, I guess, is a little bit more of a philosophical one. It's good to see improving sales momentum in the business, but sales growth is still well below historical long run average. And it's partly because you've been lagging competitors, but partly because the supermarket industry is quite subdued. How much of that do you think is cyclical consumption versus perhaps more structural leakage into other channels and retailers? Because I appreciate the consumer is under pressure, but some of the more discretionary retailers continue to do quite well. And I would have thought population growth, as well as some trading into the store, should be providing some of an offset. So, just interested in any comments on that, please. Yeah. I think it's – and I'll make some comments and ask Amanda to do likewise. And my concern you're not going be there when we open a new store in Balmain and I'm hoping that if you still live there you'll you enjoy it and shop it. And I look forward to you building a very large basket, including on those everyday needs categories, which is where we're seeing the unit loss. And what was essentially seen in particular in everyday needs is a lot of other retailers, clearly discretionary retailers coming into the space so that they can build their own traffic to their stores. And therefore, you seen very high levels of discounting in these categories across the whole range of retailers depending on the nature of the item. And I'm sitting right next to Dan Hake, the BIG W business, and I would include BIG W as one of these who, of course, is aggressively and naturally competing in this everyday needs space. So you all have seen that part of the basket get shared between many retailers, and that's good for competition, let's agree, and it's good for consumers. And that's even more pronounced, funnily enough, in New Zealand, Michael, and that's one of the challenges you see in these results. So our challenge then comes back to how do we get those items back into Woolworths. And we simply need to work hard to get the right price, the right cost per unit, and to do that. If we do what we know in our history is there's a lot of convenience in doing the shopping in one place and not split in your basket. But it's all based on getting right price and getting that clearly communicated and then convenience wins, but the first two are disproportionately important ones. I think you can rebuild the basket that was perhaps over egged with COVID with some people deliberately put one place over many places. But there's no reason why, through convenience, you can't build it going forward. Yeah, thanks, Brad. I'll just build on that by saying that, yes, there is that change in customer behavior that we've seen, particularly over the last six months quite acutely and going forward when we're thinking about cost of living pressures. What I think is a real positive for Woolworths is the fact that when you look at our convenience offers, like online shopping and Direct to Boot, you're really seeing the basket sizes increase over time. And as we know and as we've talked about before, you really have that customer who increases their overall spend with us. So their shopping and adding for Direct to Boot or delivery. And overall, they end up connecting with us more frequently. It enables us to be able to get our supply partners to them as well as they're connecting on our digital assets. We're also able to then continue to better understand what they're looking for. And, of course, through that we are able to also grow that basket over time. So I think that's how we're thinking about the future. Certainly, Everyday Rewards plays a really important part of it, as does our real approach in terms of thinking about being where the customer is. So, I think we're well-placed, but we're certainly seeing some shift. I think your point on the basket  (01:30:13) is a very tough one. Thanks, Michael. Thank you. The next question comes from Nicole Penny from Rimor Equity Research. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Just following on the previous question on Australian grocery. FY 2024 was a year where many of the Woolworths grocery key supply chain, advanced data analytics investment, and loyalty investments and initiatives were  (01:30:42) come together. And understanding the plans are there, but some of the initiatives, the response to digital data analytics and store initiatives are taking longer to roll out relatively. With the benefit of hindsight, Amanda, are there any critical gaps in competitive response times or internal reporting structures, execution and implementation times, that you've noted and could you please comment if there are any areas for improvement in the coming years, please? Yeah. Thank you. Thanks for the question, Nicole. I would just say and I'd echo what we've talked about before, which is, at the beginning of the second half, we did see a real shift in customer behavior. And I think we've talked about the fact that we could improve in terms of our response early on in the second half. What I would say in terms of what we're seeing from customers though is those customers are really engaged with us across our stores, online, and digital and our loyalty programs. They continue to actually connect with us more frequently, show their loyalty and spending more with us. The opportunity that we've got on the go-forward is to have broader appeal across our customers who perhaps aren't as digitally-engaged with us as some of the cohort I just talked to before. So that's a real opportunity for us to continue to grow. Where we see customers engaged in digital, in eCommerce, and in loyalty, we see real upside both in terms of their experience that they have with us, so the NPS and the efficacy; but also the spend that ultimately comes back to us as a group. The opportunity is for those who perhaps have their Everyday Rewards card but aren't boosting, for example, or shopping our stores but not scanning. And that's what we're very focused on the go forward. Thanks, Nicole. Thank you. The next question comes from Ross Curran from Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hi, team. It's Ross. Appreciate you taking my question. I guess just to run up to Richard's question before, BIG W is another division that's sort of well below peak levels of earnings, earnings down 90% this year. This division consistently lost money pre-COVID. How should we think about BIG W going forward? Is it a breakeven business at best going forward, or can it get back to being a meaningful contributor? Thanks, Ross, and that's lucky last question, actually, I'm sitting next to Dan Hake, who can talk to the business. Obviously, at a high level, our plan is not to be breakeven. Our plan is to be profit accretive and contribute to the broader group as we are doing through Rewards, as Amanda has talked to, our digital engagement or – in fact, we're running our first group collectables program right now in five BIG W Woolworths supermarkets in Australia and Woolworths New Zealand. Early days it does appear to be gaining traction. Dan, I'll let you talk to some of the things that are underway right now in the group. I think very importantly for us is we actually finished the year in June. Was actually making money, Ross. So, it's not like we – and normally, we already make it at the end of the year. So, I take that as a very positive sign in the year ahead. But maybe just some of the specifics here versus the guidance, Dan. Thanks, Brad. And I just think we need to take BIG W's performance this year in context of the wider market as well and just the pain that a lot of our customers have gone through in context of cost of living. And a lot of what you see in results is that change in behavior playing out. Now, the two priorities we had as a team in F 2024 was really making sure we responded on value and we were there on pricing and competitiveness overall, which meant prices dropped in over 3,000 lines and making sure we had the right promotional and event calendar in place. And we worked on covering any opening pricing gaps that we might have that are incredibly important for our budget families, in particular. So, we knew what you've seen in F 2024 is that discretionary pullback in our core customer cohort. Now, the second priority was keeping track on our transformation priorities and making sure we build a sustainable and profitable business for the medium-term. And maybe a few comments there. One, working on product, and in each of our provinces we've made significant headway. So, talk about our everyday segment, our bulk range extensions and our beauty offer, in particular, have worked incredibly well, including our shop-in-shops in our play business, which is our strongest market share business. And we've got hard on launching own brand offers through our brands Somersault and Toys, stationery are off to an incredible start. We have just gone live, and I think it's important to note that in clothing and home, those are longer lead time businesses. It takes a good 12 to 18 months to reset the ranges there and F 2024 has not benefited yet from that reset. So, we just launched our Spring/Summer clothing with 25% option reduction, a significant part of the range, sub-AUD 20, all of which should lead to volume growth and improved performance and lower clearance investments. So, clothing and home are really in that bucket. And just a lot of work underway. And if you want to talk about green shoots, actually from those changes that we've made, one, units and transactions are back in growth through the end of Q4 and the first eight weeks of trade. Our are eCom GMV, which is the total dollars through the TIL on our online site is up 6% for the year. But that's only been in place since November. So we're seeing double-digit growth through the back end of the year there. And then just the whole system transition that we've been through, both on space management, smart clearance, and the like, only just launched, right, so we're going to see the benefits of those going forward. So we're quite, I think, quietly optimistic about BIG W's potential. And yeah, we have an experienced executive team who is working incredibly hard to build a sustainable customer franchise. So, I'm feeling positive overall. Thanks. Thanks, Dan. And I think that was our last question. As I said on the media call, the truth is always enough to also get into it at all. I think hopefully, Sean, if you go down to travel later in Lane Cove, sorry, when you say Crows Nest, you will see much better availability than you thought so. And we urge you to go there, see our new price ticketing, see our shelf availability, see the way we tie in up our push lanes including actively promoting some of our everyday needs categories and hopefully you will feel as sort of as we do and, in fact, new trollies in Lane Cove. Thank you, Amanda. So you can also get to use our new scan and go trolley, and why not. Thank you, everyone. Speak to you soon. 
            